broken/bow                              5           Unpaid_Animator
broken/carrot_on_a_stick                4           keadd
broken/chainmail_boots                  9           Unpaid_Animator
broken/chainmail_chestplate             3           Barneytogo, Unpaid_Animator
broken/chainmail_helmet                 4           Unpaid_Animator
broken/chainmail_leggings               3           Methodic_Stew, LazuliCrafter, Unpaid_Animator
broken/crossbow                         5           SE3dling
broken/diamond_axe                      3           CheesyBaconBits, Bjorn_bernarsson
broken/diamond_boots                    8           bluspectator
broken/diamond_chestplate               5           bluspectator, Toad_With_A_Gun
broken/diamond_helmet                   11          bluspectator
broken/diamond_hoe                      1           boiledsock, Kalaconzti, Karate_cubs
broken/diamond_leggings                 7           bluspectator
broken/diamond_pickaxe                  38          Despacito298
broken/diamond_shovel                   45          sokang
broken/diamond_sword                    5           Tod_NL
broken/fishing_rod                      8           Suskang
broken/flint_and_steel                  46          Dankinese
broken/golden_axe                       6           TheDoctor7562
broken/golden_boots                     17          Unpaid_Animator
broken/golden_chestplate                10          Unpaid_Animator
broken/golden_helmet                    18          Unpaid_Animator
broken/golden_hoe                       7           interdnet_pigeon
broken/golden_leggings                  8           Unpaid_Animator
broken/golden_pickaxe                   16          RemnantAdvent
broken/golden_shovel                    56          Tricamp_Steve
broken/golden_sword                     161         EcstaticLlama
broken/iron_axe                         43          CheesyBaconBits
broken/iron_boots                       12          Unpaid_Animator
broken/iron_chestplate                  11          Unpaid_Animator
broken/iron_helmet                      17          Unpaid_Animator
broken/iron_hoe                         16          salL0r_M00n
broken/iron_leggings                    14          Unpaid_Animator
broken/iron_pickaxe                     178         SoySauceMatters
broken/iron_shovel                      135         miloFTW
broken/iron_sword                       22          toomuchtACKtical
broken/leather_boots                    20          Unpaid_Animator
broken/leather_chestplate               11          toomuchtACKtical
broken/leather_helmet                   28          Unpaid_Animator
broken/leather_leggings                 12          Unpaid_Animator
broken/netherite_boots                  2           MarioFoli, Toby_671
broken/netherite_chestplate             2           MarioFoli
broken/netherite_helmet                 4           anchovyy
broken/netherite_leggings               2           MarioFoli
broken/netherite_pickaxe                18          SoySauceMatters
broken/netherite_shovel                 2           cfdlboi, sokang, AM3N
broken/shears                           73          A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
broken/shield                           69          hypzee1
broken/stone_axe                        119         xian2001
broken/stone_hoe                        35          ERROR
broken/stone_pickaxe                    307         LakuTheDark
broken/stone_shovel                     296         miloFTW
broken/stone_sword                      97          toomuchtACKtical
broken/turtle_helmet                    1           LazuliCrafter
broken/wooden_axe                       34          xian2001
broken/wooden_hoe                       18          A0rta01
broken/wooden_pickaxe                   15          Ovalgoatkid
broken/wooden_shovel                    84          xian2001
broken/wooden_sword                     49          toomuchtACKtical
crafted/acacia_boat                     238         Kalaconzti
crafted/acacia_button                   90          Abe_n
crafted/acacia_door                     30          RadsammyT
crafted/acacia_fence                    1140        _EunB_
crafted/acacia_fence_gate               61          Hobo_Joe2474
crafted/acacia_planks                   17072       Ovalgoatkid
crafted/acacia_pressure_plate           24          xiaonoot
crafted/acacia_sapling                  8           hypzee1
crafted/acacia_sign                     210         sigma_turbine
crafted/acacia_slab                     2724        _EunB_
crafted/acacia_stairs                   868         sigma_turbine
crafted/acacia_trapdoor                 556         Xx_uwumaster_xX
crafted/acacia_wood                     258         Dasckepur
crafted/activator_rail                  150         exgodstatus
crafted/allium                          10          wes00chin
crafted/andesite                        4404        see_the_stars
crafted/andesite_slab                   1212        SokySergeant
crafted/andesite_stairs                 528         3pical
crafted/andesite_wall                   820         Dasckepur
crafted/anvil                           176         SE3dling
crafted/apple                           5268        WinterStars
crafted/armor_stand                     137         SE3dling
crafted/arrow                           2868        hypzee1
crafted/baked_potato                    8119        beanie_boi105
crafted/barrel                          7438        exgodstatus
crafted/beacon                          173         Xx_uwumaster_xX
crafted/beef                            32          banana_pirate1
crafted/beehive                         319         DaRulerofDragons
crafted/beetroot_seeds                  1           Bunjjee
crafted/beetroot_soup                   187         ERROR
crafted/bell                            25          SoySauceMatters
crafted/birch_boat                      65          _EunB_
crafted/birch_button                    1478        OpticsVision
crafted/birch_door                      48          HexdePixel
crafted/birch_fence                     828         palm2v
crafted/birch_fence_gate                290         httpfroggy
crafted/birch_planks                    33936       024CandyCane
crafted/birch_pressure_plate            46          Ninobf
crafted/birch_sign                      597         DerEchteKroate
crafted/birch_slab                      6624        HyperGamer3500
crafted/birch_stairs                    1284        024CandyCane
crafted/birch_trapdoor                  660         Jack_Attack123
crafted/birch_wood                      507         Michiel_2
crafted/black_banner                    314         EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/black_bed                       106         sigma_turbine
crafted/black_carpet                    42895       AydenSWG
crafted/black_concrete_powder           89344       exgodstatus
crafted/black_dye                       22423       WinterStars
crafted/black_glazed_terracotta         384         ERROR
crafted/black_shulker_box               80          c419
crafted/black_stained_glass             140568      WinterStars
crafted/black_stained_glass_pane        4736        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/black_terracotta                3524        hypzee1
crafted/black_wool                      7927        dti131
crafted/blackstone_slab                 1126        casm57
crafted/blackstone_stairs               1004        Cheese_Addict
crafted/blackstone_wall                 918         Wtnaut
crafted/blast_furnace                   298         exgodstatus
crafted/blaze_powder                    1772        _Dankk
crafted/blue_banner                     64          ERROR
crafted/blue_bed                        112         SonOfDemise
crafted/blue_carpet                     13344       5space
crafted/blue_concrete_powder            6912        _Dankk
crafted/blue_dye                        8506        exgodstatus
crafted/blue_glazed_terracotta          24          bluspectator, DONNIE_15
crafted/blue_ice                        3493        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/blue_orchid                     2           Bunjjee
crafted/blue_shulker_box                17          Reilax
crafted/blue_stained_glass              6976        sokang
crafted/blue_stained_glass_pane         1600        ilyRaven
crafted/blue_terracotta                 12016       5space
crafted/blue_wool                       2948        VTD
crafted/bone_block                      7937        sigma_turbine
crafted/bone_meal                       89390       sigma_turbine
crafted/book                            5878        Wesley2819
crafted/bookshelf                       2749        KoiWolf27
crafted/bow                             318         ERROR
crafted/bowl                            568         Torrii48223
crafted/brain_coral_block               8           Popsicle_n, hypzee1
crafted/bread                           12176       LazuliCrafter
crafted/brewing_stand                   67          KoiWolf27
crafted/brick                           93253       EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/brick_slab                      1442        exgodstatus
crafted/brick_stairs                    668         CheesyBaconBits
crafted/brick_wall                      1537        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/bricks                          23166       EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/brown_banner                    36          Submadoge
crafted/brown_bed                       212         SonOfDemise
crafted/brown_carpet                    4434        hypzee1
crafted/brown_concrete_powder           11072       exgodstatus
crafted/brown_dye                       2212        exgodstatus
crafted/brown_glazed_terracotta         16          cfdlboi
crafted/brown_shulker_box               19          sigma_turbine
crafted/brown_stained_glass             240         Fun4TheWholeFam
crafted/brown_stained_glass_pane        32          exgodstatus, KVanilla1, Fun4TheWholeFam
crafted/brown_terracotta                9280        exgodstatus
crafted/brown_wool                      1457        hypzee1
crafted/bubble_coral_block              5           ERROR
crafted/bucket                          322         SonOfDemise
crafted/cactus                          8           KVanilla1, Popsicle_n
crafted/cake                            447         _Dankk
crafted/campfire                        367         DaRulerofDragons
crafted/carrot_on_a_stick               8           hypzee1
crafted/cartography_table               256         ERROR
crafted/cauldron                        64          Dasckepur
crafted/chain                           726         hypzee1
crafted/chainmail_boots                 405         confused_savior
crafted/chainmail_chestplate            69          A_Hundred_Ninjas
crafted/chainmail_helmet                508         confused_savior
crafted/chainmail_leggings              162         confused_savior
crafted/charcoal                        7227        Barneytogo
crafted/chest                           7036        WinterStars
crafted/chest_minecart                  89          Wtnaut
crafted/chiseled_nether_bricks          37          hypzee1
crafted/chiseled_polished_blackstone    414         Wtnaut
crafted/chiseled_quartz_block           119         LJScraft
crafted/chiseled_red_sandstone          638         F117Nighthawkspy
crafted/chiseled_sandstone              1218        Wtnaut
crafted/chiseled_stone_bricks           2660        ChadThunderous26
crafted/clay                            4709        MartinTheMango26
crafted/clock                           33          Jayyy_7, Cheese_Addict
crafted/coal                            30583       SE3dling
crafted/coal_block                      5035        flicck
crafted/coarse_dirt                     3536        SonOfDemise
crafted/cobblestone                     125         Lemonleafff
crafted/cobblestone_slab                25308       WinterStars
crafted/cobblestone_stairs              5841        dabnation1232
crafted/cobblestone_wall                4613        dabnation1232
crafted/cod_bucket                      69          LazuliCrafter
crafted/comparator                      298         hypzee1
crafted/compass                         1015        exgodstatus
crafted/composter                       519         ERROR
crafted/conduit                         4           VooDooBR, Bomo
crafted/cooked_beef                     2803        Vermox
crafted/cooked_chicken                  22037       LazuliCrafter
crafted/cooked_cod                      1098        casm57
crafted/cooked_mutton                   320         casm57
crafted/cooked_porkchop                 27840       LazuliCrafter
crafted/cooked_rabbit                   37          The_Epic_Memer
crafted/cooked_salmon                   400         Kalaconzti
crafted/cookie                          4428        LazuliCrafter
crafted/cracked_nether_bricks           6           MrKidKeeb162
crafted/cracked_polished_blackstone_bricks1601        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/cracked_stone_bricks            2300        CheesyBaconBits
crafted/crafting_table                  8738        Barneytogo
crafted/creeper_banner_pattern          1           MrKidKeeb
crafted/crimson_button                  3822        pseudoname23
crafted/crimson_door                    33          exgodstatus, SokySergeant
crafted/crimson_fence                   324         keadd
crafted/crimson_fence_gate              26          oPeeg
crafted/crimson_hyphae                  1365        LoomisFire
crafted/crimson_planks                  7278        Dasckepur
crafted/crimson_pressure_plate          68          EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/crimson_sign                    255         Ovalgoatkid
crafted/crimson_slab                    2616        Dasckepur
crafted/crimson_stairs                  688         ThatGibusGuy
crafted/crimson_trapdoor                666         SonOfDemise
crafted/crossbow                        121         cfdlboi
crafted/cut_red_sandstone               1024        sigma_turbine
crafted/cut_red_sandstone_slab          6           Ham_Addict
crafted/cut_sandstone                   3560        exgodstatus
crafted/cut_sandstone_slab              2114        Driftsalad
crafted/cyan_banner                     7           Ham_Addict
crafted/cyan_bed                        42          SonOfDemise
crafted/cyan_carpet                     2313        sigma_turbine
crafted/cyan_concrete_powder            19296       exgodstatus
crafted/cyan_dye                        6784        Apertur
crafted/cyan_glazed_terracotta          16          cfdlboi
crafted/cyan_shulker_box                9           A_TRAFFIC_CONE_, Dasckepur
crafted/cyan_stained_glass              35496       Apertur
crafted/cyan_stained_glass_pane         5280        n1k0z
crafted/cyan_terracotta                 26875       exgodstatus
crafted/cyan_wool                       3136        Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/dandelion                       12          hypzee1
crafted/dark_oak_boat                   852         Skizzili
crafted/dark_oak_button                 2233        Skizzili
crafted/dark_oak_door                   405         exgodstatus
crafted/dark_oak_fence                  1683        sigma_turbine
crafted/dark_oak_fence_gate             2176        Ninobf
crafted/dark_oak_planks                 98371       Wtnaut
crafted/dark_oak_pressure_plate         153         doggiewoofwoof
crafted/dark_oak_sapling                4           EmiJet
crafted/dark_oak_sign                   1374        Wtnaut
crafted/dark_oak_slab                   10873       Silloter
crafted/dark_oak_stairs                 3588        CheesyBaconBits
crafted/dark_oak_trapdoor               6292        Skizzili
crafted/dark_oak_wood                   4323        Skizzili
crafted/dark_prismarine                 5348        banana_pirate1
crafted/dark_prismarine_slab            3822        Ninobf
crafted/dark_prismarine_stairs          152         RaiseTheBar
crafted/daylight_detector               231         Fun4TheWholeFam
crafted/detector_rail                   102         Ham_Addict
crafted/diamond                         7254        Fun4TheWholeFam
crafted/diamond_axe                     74          SoySauceMatters
crafted/diamond_block                   1693        Wesley2819
crafted/diamond_boots                   258         Sandwich_Man216
crafted/diamond_chestplate              256         Sandwich_Man216
crafted/diamond_helmet                  257         Sandwich_Man216
crafted/diamond_hoe                     23          SoySauceMatters
crafted/diamond_leggings                257         Sandwich_Man216
crafted/diamond_pickaxe                 152         SE3dling
crafted/diamond_shovel                  87          sokang
crafted/diamond_sword                   64          SoySauceMatters
crafted/diorite                         176         b3rryisdead
crafted/diorite_slab                    3162        ERROR
crafted/diorite_stairs                  240         famskiis
crafted/diorite_wall                    720         Pulpoide
crafted/dispenser                       214         EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/dried_kelp                      9996        jonathanpie
crafted/dried_kelp_block                6088        sigma_turbine
crafted/dropper                         3969        garfield_mc
crafted/elytra                          4           Paskeltw8
crafted/emerald                         97439       Wesley2819
crafted/emerald_block                   7690        KoiWolf27
crafted/enchanted_book                  5914        Wesley2819
crafted/enchanting_table                14          Tomiomii
crafted/end_crystal                     1325        _Dankk
crafted/end_rod                         4608        Apertur
crafted/end_stone_brick_slab            3200        SE3dling
crafted/end_stone_brick_stairs          1057        HyperGamer3500
crafted/end_stone_brick_wall            768         WinterStars
crafted/end_stone_bricks                11613       WinterStars
crafted/ender_chest                     83          Paskeltw8
crafted/ender_eye                       1579        _Dankk
crafted/ender_pearl                     58          quarii00
crafted/experience_bottle               1781        mrkage
crafted/fermented_spider_eye            879         cheeeeca
crafted/fern                            12          hypzee1
crafted/filled_map                      3297        exgodstatus
crafted/fire_charge                     381         APOCALYPSE744
crafted/fire_coral_block                8           August1k, dti131
crafted/firework_rocket                 91808       SE3dling
crafted/firework_star                   798         Shunot
crafted/fishing_rod                     33          hypzee1
crafted/fletching_table                 64          SummersMoons
crafted/flint                           900         Draconix135
crafted/flint_and_steel                 55          SonOfDemise, Kalaconzti
crafted/flower_banner_pattern           10          Paskeltw8
crafted/flower_pot                      157         Dasckepur
crafted/furnace                         16763       garfield_mc
crafted/furnace_minecart                40          TortleDoge
crafted/ghast_spawn_egg                 15          ERROR
crafted/glass                           26824       NicolBolas1232
crafted/glass_bottle                    14269       SonOfDemise
crafted/glass_pane                      29318       Hobo_Joe2474
crafted/glistering_melon_slice          301         sigma_turbine
crafted/globe_banner_pattern            9           Cheese_Addict
crafted/glowstone                       1254        SE3dling
crafted/gold_block                      6231        __Carrot_
crafted/gold_ingot                      115648      SummersMoon
crafted/gold_nugget                     150975      SE3dling
crafted/golden_apple                    2365        Suskang
crafted/golden_axe                      65          024CandyCane
crafted/golden_boots                    106         Despacito298
crafted/golden_carrot                   23480       SE3dling
crafted/golden_chestplate               43          Wtnaut
crafted/golden_helmet                   44          Wtnaut
crafted/golden_hoe                      66          Suskang
crafted/golden_leggings                 97          Suskang
crafted/golden_pickaxe                  31          Temmie26
crafted/golden_shovel                   57          Tricamp_Steve
crafted/golden_sword                    265         SoySauceMatters
crafted/granite                         32          bluspectator
crafted/granite_slab                    510         Tigrfire
crafted/granite_stairs                  156         bluspectator
crafted/granite_wall                    1262        Arthur_Da_dog
crafted/gray_banner                     6           b3rryisdead
crafted/gray_bed                        32          CoraB2004
crafted/gray_carpet                     7369        5space
crafted/gray_concrete_powder            54080       exgodstatus
crafted/gray_dye                        11214       exgodstatus
crafted/gray_glazed_terracotta          256         cfdlboi
crafted/gray_shulker_box                12          SE3dling
crafted/gray_stained_glass              28176       Apertur
crafted/gray_stained_glass_pane         3552        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/gray_terracotta                 33456       exgodstatus
crafted/gray_wool                       5526        Vermox
crafted/green_banner                    93          uR0bic
crafted/green_bed                       58          Suskang
crafted/green_carpet                    2880        5space
crafted/green_concrete_powder           1976        __Carrot_
crafted/green_dye                       1835        sigma_turbine
crafted/green_glazed_terracotta         16          cfdlboi
crafted/green_shulker_box               6           Dasckepur
crafted/green_stained_glass             1784        Dankinese
crafted/green_stained_glass_pane        528         SummersMoon
crafted/green_terracotta                14390       exgodstatus
crafted/green_wool                      1920        5space
crafted/grindstone                      180         Xx_uwumaster_xX
crafted/gunpowder                       16          Unpaid_Animator
crafted/hay_block                       986         Boxybox1
crafted/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate   5445        5space
crafted/honey_block                     1731        Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/honey_bottle                    531         VTD
crafted/honeycomb_block                 6444        Wtnaut
crafted/hopper                          2629        Wtnaut
crafted/hopper_minecart                 210         VTD
crafted/horn_coral_block                8           Lofi16
crafted/iron_axe                        229         LazuliCrafter
crafted/iron_bars                       4160        dti131
crafted/iron_block                      15744       AydenSWG
crafted/iron_boots                      103         Suskang
crafted/iron_chestplate                 55          Sandwich_Man216
crafted/iron_door                       159         exgodstatus
crafted/iron_helmet                     179         Sandwich_Man216
crafted/iron_hoe                        18          salL0r_M00n, SE3dling
crafted/iron_ingot                      28933       SE3dling
crafted/iron_leggings                   49          confused_savior
crafted/iron_nugget                     10718       Wtnaut
crafted/iron_ore                        64          banana_pirate1
crafted/iron_pickaxe                    217         SoySauceMatters
crafted/iron_shovel                     133         miloFTW
crafted/iron_sword                      77          024CandyCane
crafted/iron_trapdoor                   1171        Ninobf
crafted/item_frame                      996         ERROR
crafted/jack_o_lantern                  385         KoiWolf27
crafted/jukebox                         58          garfield_mc
crafted/jungle_boat                     246         Octo101
crafted/jungle_button                   1903        WinterStars
crafted/jungle_door                     192         sircholera
crafted/jungle_fence                    1620        Huaqin
crafted/jungle_fence_gate               529         hypzee1
crafted/jungle_planks                   128052      LazuliCrafter
crafted/jungle_pressure_plate           11          exgodstatus, Nav_t___
crafted/jungle_sapling                  8           August1k
crafted/jungle_sign                     594         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
crafted/jungle_slab                     30256       LoomisFire
crafted/jungle_stairs                   448         exgodstatus
crafted/jungle_trapdoor                 4334        Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/jungle_wood                     2646        exgodstatus
crafted/ladder                          1428        SummersMoon
crafted/lantern                         1850        Fun4TheWholeFam
crafted/lapis_block                     1236        SE3dling
crafted/lapis_lazuli                    8703        SE3dling
crafted/lead                            132         KoiWolf27
crafted/leather                         20          The_Epic_Memer
crafted/leather_boots                   194         Suskang
crafted/leather_chestplate              43          SE3dling
crafted/leather_helmet                  56          SE3dling
crafted/leather_horse_armor             16          Boxmann78
crafted/leather_leggings                45          SE3dling
crafted/lectern                         187         Skizzili
crafted/lever                           782         Huaqin
crafted/light_blue_banner               168         AhFloorTentacle
crafted/light_blue_bed                  79          SE3dling
crafted/light_blue_carpet               16604       VTD
crafted/light_blue_concrete_powder      19360       exgodstatus
crafted/light_blue_dye                  5708        exgodstatus
crafted/light_blue_glazed_terracotta    104         GlitchedBean
crafted/light_blue_shulker_box          13          sigma_turbine
crafted/light_blue_stained_glass        8136        Dankinese
crafted/light_blue_stained_glass_pane   3936        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/light_blue_terracotta           20992       exgodstatus
crafted/light_blue_wool                 2082        cfdlboi
crafted/light_gray_banner               14          EmeraldBokoblin, UnethicalVoxel
crafted/light_gray_bed                  577         Suskang
crafted/light_gray_carpet               6720        Mobzillahz
crafted/light_gray_concrete_powder      11680       exgodstatus
crafted/light_gray_dye                  2700        exgodstatus
crafted/light_gray_glazed_terracotta    386         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
crafted/light_gray_shulker_box          16          xiaonoot
crafted/light_gray_stained_glass        12552       Xx_uwumaster_xX
crafted/light_gray_stained_glass_pane   3776        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/light_gray_terracotta           7680        exgodstatus
crafted/light_gray_wool                 1753        Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/light_weighted_pressure_plate   31552       SummersMoon
crafted/lily_of_the_valley              7           EmiJet
crafted/lily_pad                        10          pecca1
crafted/lime_banner                     32          SE3dling
crafted/lime_bed                        89          SE3dling
crafted/lime_carpet                     10521       Skizzili
crafted/lime_concrete_powder            2360        Bunjjee
crafted/lime_dye                        2959        hypzee1
crafted/lime_glazed_terracotta          14          EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/lime_shulker_box                6           IeatPlastic_420, Wtnaut
crafted/lime_stained_glass              1336        Dankinese
crafted/lime_stained_glass_pane         384         Mobzillahz
crafted/lime_terracotta                 9580        Popsicle_n
crafted/lime_wool                       5110        Skizzili
crafted/lodestone                       6           Dasckepur
crafted/loom                            370         Dasckepur
crafted/magenta_banner                  8           GoatTea
crafted/magenta_bed                     318         Suskang
crafted/magenta_carpet                  513         YummyPizzaGuy
crafted/magenta_concrete_powder         3456        _Dankk
crafted/magenta_dye                     636         _Dankk
crafted/magenta_glazed_terracotta       56          Wtnaut
crafted/magenta_shulker_box             11          Wtnaut
crafted/magenta_stained_glass           840         EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/magenta_stained_glass_pane      56          SummersMoon
crafted/magenta_terracotta              2798        exgodstatus
crafted/magenta_wool                    128         VTD
crafted/magma_block                     489         KoiWolf27
crafted/magma_cream                     205         Michiel_2
crafted/map                             1776        exgodstatus
crafted/melon                           65613       hypzee1
crafted/melon_seeds                     6659        Kalaconzti
crafted/minecart                        444         Dankinese
crafted/mojang_banner_pattern           1           The_Am_Sniper93, BoxBlink, Skizzili, MrKidKeeb
crafted/mossy_cobblestone               768         garfield_mc
crafted/mossy_cobblestone_slab          240         Vermox
crafted/mossy_cobblestone_stairs        36          hypzee1
crafted/mossy_cobblestone_wall          120         ERROR
crafted/mossy_stone_brick_slab          90          keadd
crafted/mossy_stone_brick_stairs        175         gnas101
crafted/mossy_stone_brick_wall          42          dti131
crafted/mossy_stone_bricks              930         pecca1
crafted/mushroom_stew                   52          Reptilelord911
crafted/mutton                          12          banana_pirate1
crafted/name_tag                        130         hypzee1
crafted/nautilus_shell                  5           KVanilla1, Fun4TheWholeFam, jitJet, Jamesfish, b3rryisdead, ilyRaven
crafted/nether_brick                    42631       banana_pirate1
crafted/nether_brick_fence              2415        KVanilla1
crafted/nether_brick_slab               2526        Tomiomii
crafted/nether_brick_stairs             181         casm57
crafted/nether_brick_wall               198         SokySergeant
crafted/nether_bricks                   9408        banana_pirate1
crafted/nether_gold_ore                 18          banana_pirate1
crafted/nether_wart_block               77          Ovalgoatkid
crafted/netherite_axe                   6           cfdlboi
crafted/netherite_block                 459         SoySauceMatters
crafted/netherite_boots                 9           Fun4TheWholeFam
crafted/netherite_chestplate            9           cfdlboi, Fun4TheWholeFam
crafted/netherite_helmet                10          cfdlboi
crafted/netherite_hoe                   2           Olnakana, dAzMoN, BerriBoi, Wtnaut, keadd
crafted/netherite_ingot                 4395        SoySauceMatters
crafted/netherite_leggings              9           Fun4TheWholeFam
crafted/netherite_pickaxe               13          cfdlboi
crafted/netherite_scrap                 1418        DerEchteKroate
crafted/netherite_shovel                9           cfdlboi
crafted/netherite_sword                 13          Suskang
crafted/netherrack                      512         banana_pirate1
crafted/note_block                      8681        Popsicle_n
crafted/oak_boat                        2766        garfield_mc
crafted/oak_button                      3207        OpticsVision
crafted/oak_door                        813         Trouxso
crafted/oak_fence                       1326        banana_pirate1
crafted/oak_fence_gate                  776         hjoire69
crafted/oak_planks                      79670       SoySauceMatters
crafted/oak_pressure_plate              87          exgodstatus
crafted/oak_sapling                     8           KVanilla1
crafted/oak_sign                        1059        Wesley2819
crafted/oak_slab                        22957       banana_pirate1
crafted/oak_stairs                      3040        Salty_May0
crafted/oak_trapdoor                    4286        SoySauceMatters
crafted/oak_wood                        2640        Paintgolin
crafted/observer                        4317        KoiWolf27
crafted/orange_banner                   76          FlynnFox01
crafted/orange_bed                      106         SE3dling
crafted/orange_carpet                   5289        hypzee1
crafted/orange_concrete_powder          8848        __Carrot_
crafted/orange_dye                      3760        hypzee1
crafted/orange_glazed_terracotta        88          cfdlboi
crafted/orange_shulker_box              13          Wtnaut
crafted/orange_stained_glass            1296        Jman_TheGamer
crafted/orange_stained_glass_pane       9376        __Carrot_
crafted/orange_terracotta               1376        exgodstatus
crafted/orange_tulip                    12          August1k
crafted/orange_wool                     2337        hypzee1
crafted/oxeye_daisy                     1           confused_savior
crafted/packed_ice                      1685        SoySauceMatters
crafted/painting                        130         SE3dling
crafted/paper                           402946      Teiqonn
crafted/pink_banner                     10          024CandyCane
crafted/pink_bed                        39          VTD
crafted/pink_carpet                     642         SE3dling
crafted/pink_concrete_powder            7168        exgodstatus
crafted/pink_dye                        6506        IeatPlastic_420
crafted/pink_glazed_terracotta          72          024CandyCane
crafted/pink_shulker_box                8           Wtnaut
crafted/pink_stained_glass              32680       IeatPlastic_420
crafted/pink_stained_glass_pane         272         Silloter
crafted/pink_terracotta                 3662        hypzee1
crafted/pink_wool                       1522        AncientBlade
crafted/piston                          5227        KoiWolf27
crafted/podzol                          18          Teiqonn, Fun4TheWholeFam
crafted/polished_andesite               5776        KoiWolf27
crafted/polished_andesite_slab          3480        ThePorkMan
crafted/polished_andesite_stairs        1201        Dasckepur
crafted/polished_basalt                 4604        KoiWolf27
crafted/polished_blackstone             46388       exgodstatus
crafted/polished_blackstone_brick_slab  14886       Diamond_Miner317
crafted/polished_blackstone_brick_stairs2588        OranggLad
crafted/polished_blackstone_brick_wall  1036        keadd
crafted/polished_blackstone_bricks      32264       exgodstatus
crafted/polished_blackstone_button      831         EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/polished_blackstone_pressure_plate2576        exgodstatus
crafted/polished_blackstone_slab        2613        ERROR
crafted/polished_blackstone_stairs      1993        ERROR
crafted/polished_blackstone_wall        2856        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/polished_diorite                6400        exgodstatus
crafted/polished_diorite_slab           3212        Arthur_Da_dog
crafted/polished_diorite_stairs         785         Arthur_Da_dog
crafted/polished_granite                1684        Arthur_Da_dog
crafted/polished_granite_slab           2112        Arthur_Da_dog
crafted/polished_granite_stairs         669         Ultimus998
crafted/popped_chorus_fruit             2255        Wtnaut
crafted/potato                          61          Draconix135
crafted/powered_rail                    4586        Dankinese
crafted/prismarine                      2604        sokang
crafted/prismarine_brick_slab           252         exgodstatus, SonOfDemise
crafted/prismarine_brick_stairs         268         Bomo
crafted/prismarine_bricks               5999        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/prismarine_slab                 3774        Bomo
crafted/prismarine_stairs               149         Popsicle_n
crafted/prismarine_wall                 2232        casm57
crafted/pufferfish_bucket               8           KVanilla1
crafted/pumpkin_pie                     16584       LazuliCrafter
crafted/pumpkin_seeds                   860         hypzee1
crafted/purple_banner                   32          SE3dling
crafted/purple_bed                      52          Dasckepur
crafted/purple_carpet                   429         YummyPizzaGuy
crafted/purple_concrete_powder          1208        Skizzili
crafted/purple_dye                      596         PiXleGhost
crafted/purple_glazed_terracotta        8           DonJ4rno, xiaonoot
crafted/purple_shulker_box              13          hjoire69
crafted/purple_stained_glass            2096        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/purple_stained_glass_pane       336         V01Dthepicgamer, Skizzili
crafted/purple_terracotta               2046        exgodstatus
crafted/purple_wool                     704         SE3dling
crafted/purpur_block                    2268        Wtnaut
crafted/purpur_pillar                   1395        Wtnaut
crafted/purpur_slab                     3174        Wtnaut
crafted/purpur_stairs                   180         Wtnaut
crafted/quartz                          371         Pulpoide
crafted/quartz_block                    28455       exgodstatus
crafted/quartz_bricks                   15532       exgodstatus
crafted/quartz_pillar                   3272        Skizzili
crafted/quartz_slab                     1680        A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
crafted/quartz_stairs                   2553        KoiWolf27
crafted/rabbit_stew                     179         LazuliCrafter
crafted/rail                            20304       Huaqin
crafted/red_banner                      56          Mobzillahz
crafted/red_bed                         57          dti131
crafted/red_carpet                      1839        pseudoname23
crafted/red_concrete_powder             34928       flicck
crafted/red_dye                         8126        Rocket_man1234
crafted/red_glazed_terracotta           87          cfdlboi
crafted/red_nether_brick_slab           774         Bwirzburger
crafted/red_nether_brick_stairs         3052        pixellink1
crafted/red_nether_brick_wall           68          Pulpoide
crafted/red_nether_bricks               3912        banana_pirate1
crafted/red_sand                        24          Ido_mess
crafted/red_sandstone                   1837        sigma_turbine
crafted/red_sandstone_slab              240         Dasckepur
crafted/red_sandstone_stairs            841         F117Nighthawkspy
crafted/red_sandstone_wall              132         Tod_NL
crafted/red_shulker_box                 59          longtimesunshine
crafted/red_stained_glass               2736        Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/red_stained_glass_pane          304         dti131
crafted/red_terracotta                  19252       dti131
crafted/red_tulip                       12          KVanilla1
crafted/red_wool                        718         SE3dling
crafted/redstone                        37392       exgodstatus
crafted/redstone_block                  3639        exgodstatus
crafted/redstone_lamp                   3719        exgodstatus
crafted/redstone_torch                  14015       sokang
crafted/repeater                        6879        sokang
crafted/respawn_anchor                  29          HyperGamer3500
crafted/saddle                          18          Unpaid_Animator
crafted/sand                            128         Popsicle_n
crafted/sandstone                       7572        Mobzillahz
crafted/sandstone_slab                  5150        Xx_uwumaster_xX
crafted/sandstone_stairs                2080        Driftsalad
crafted/sandstone_wall                  2136        Mobzillahz
crafted/scaffolding                     3048        Wtnaut
crafted/sea_lantern                     1577        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/sea_pickle                      1           Jman_TheGamer
crafted/shears                          1762        SonOfDemise
crafted/shield                          112         hypzee1
crafted/shulker_box                     645         Dasckepur
crafted/skull_banner_pattern            1           Submadoge, Bunjjee, sigma_turbine, pixellink1, MercyFanatic, SilentTOILIT101, KoiWolf27, flicck, jonathanpie, Skizzili, _Bisky_, MrKidKeeb
crafted/slime_ball                      5760        ABlazingEBoy
crafted/slime_block                     6847        Dankinese
crafted/smithing_table                  458         cfdlboi
crafted/smoker                          198         5space
crafted/smooth_quartz                   6932        Skizzili
crafted/smooth_quartz_slab              3090        EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/smooth_quartz_stairs            632         Nightmare0685
crafted/smooth_red_sandstone            679         casm57
crafted/smooth_red_sandstone_slab       1212        Tod_NL
crafted/smooth_red_sandstone_stairs     294         Pulpoide
crafted/smooth_sandstone                21066       Mobzillahz
crafted/smooth_sandstone_slab           3814        Mobzillahz
crafted/smooth_sandstone_stairs         3228        Mobzillahz
crafted/smooth_stone                    29970       Teiqonn
crafted/smooth_stone_slab               122878      exgodstatus
crafted/snow                            954         Cyric01
crafted/snow_block                      39293       sokang
crafted/soul_campfire                   326         ArtsyRex
crafted/soul_lantern                    368         ERROR
crafted/soul_torch                      900         Wtnaut
crafted/spectral_arrow                  710         Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/sponge                          370         garfield_mc
crafted/spruce_boat                     610         Kalaconzti
crafted/spruce_button                   2228        ERROR
crafted/spruce_door                     291         exgodstatus
crafted/spruce_fence                    6699        Apertur
crafted/spruce_fence_gate               4424        Iron_Kid_1
crafted/spruce_planks                   227920      SoySauceMatters
crafted/spruce_pressure_plate           522         exgodstatus
crafted/spruce_sign                     1119        Apertur
crafted/spruce_slab                     21120       Submadoge
crafted/spruce_stairs                   3848        CheesyBaconBits
crafted/spruce_trapdoor                 9058        keadd
crafted/spruce_wood                     1425        ERROR
crafted/stick                           570721      LazuliCrafter
crafted/sticky_piston                   5760        ABlazingEBoy
crafted/stone                           31191       CheesyBaconBits
crafted/stone_axe                       291         Ido_mess
crafted/stone_brick_slab                46278       KVanilla1
crafted/stone_brick_stairs              6251        Driftsalad
crafted/stone_brick_wall                3366        SE3dling
crafted/stone_bricks                    417474      exgodstatus
crafted/stone_button                    3922        SE3dling
crafted/stone_hoe                       48          ERROR
crafted/stone_pickaxe                   493         LakuTheDark
crafted/stone_pressure_plate            4768        exgodstatus
crafted/stone_shovel                    298         miloFTW
crafted/stone_slab                      49588       Dankinese
crafted/stone_stairs                    2204        httpfroggy
crafted/stone_sword                     181         Suskang
crafted/stonecutter                     65          Wtnaut
crafted/stripped_acacia_wood            213         Bomo
crafted/stripped_birch_wood             78          Ninobf
crafted/stripped_crimson_hyphae         213         Reptilelord911
crafted/stripped_dark_oak_wood          258         sigma_turbine
crafted/stripped_jungle_wood            336         AncientBlade
crafted/stripped_oak_wood               45          Dr_Font
crafted/stripped_spruce_wood            489         SE3dling
crafted/stripped_warped_hyphae          228         Pulpoide
crafted/sugar                           15700       cfdlboi
crafted/sugar_cane                      8           KVanilla1, Boxybox1
crafted/suspicious_stew                 76          EthDanger
crafted/target                          102         Wesley2819
crafted/terracotta                      1114        CheesyBaconBits
crafted/tipped_arrow                    1371        mrkage
crafted/tnt                             61024       JorgeLuis0205
crafted/tnt_minecart                    46          Suskang
crafted/torch                           29860       exgodstatus
crafted/trapped_chest                   280         M1r7hful
crafted/trident                         1           iiNani
crafted/tripwire_hook                   548         AM3N
crafted/tropical_fish_bucket            4           KVanilla1
crafted/tube_coral_block                1           Popsicle_n
crafted/turtle_helmet                   43          Hilton2198
crafted/vine                            2           August1k
crafted/warped_button                   4177        keadd
crafted/warped_door                     252         exgodstatus
crafted/warped_fence                    279         sokang
crafted/warped_fence_gate               139         Bunjjee
crafted/warped_fungus_on_a_stick        12          Wtnaut
crafted/warped_hyphae                   750         garfield_mc
crafted/warped_planks                   6804        Dasckepur
crafted/warped_pressure_plate           64          LimeishPingu
crafted/warped_sign                     180         sokang
crafted/warped_slab                     2003        SummersMoon
crafted/warped_stairs                   542         garfield_mc
crafted/warped_trapdoor                 942         casm57
crafted/wheat                           8735        Boxybox1
crafted/white_banner                    342         Wtnaut
crafted/white_bed                       586         Suskang
crafted/white_carpet                    24601       sigma_turbine
crafted/white_concrete_powder           27936       exgodstatus
crafted/white_dye                       16018       exgodstatus
crafted/white_glazed_terracotta         72          supernova1054
crafted/white_shulker_box               57          EmeraldBokoblin
crafted/white_stained_glass             8184        Bomo
crafted/white_stained_glass_pane        5968        casm57
crafted/white_terracotta                8832        exgodstatus
crafted/white_tulip                     12          August1k
crafted/white_wool                      3455        SE3dling
crafted/wooden_axe                      108         ERROR
crafted/wooden_hoe                      30          Rawkoer
crafted/wooden_pickaxe                  34          Suskang
crafted/wooden_shovel                   167         Wesley2819
crafted/wooden_sword                    563         Suskang
crafted/writable_book                   950         Wtnaut
crafted/written_book                    436         Suskang
crafted/yellow_banner                   128         Suskang
crafted/yellow_bed                      109         jellyroll_413
crafted/yellow_carpet                   7161        Fun4TheWholeFam
crafted/yellow_concrete_powder          3944        exgodstatus
crafted/yellow_dye                      4127        hypzee1
crafted/yellow_glazed_terracotta        64          024CandyCane, Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/yellow_shulker_box              112         cfdlboi
crafted/yellow_stained_glass            576         Ham_Addict
crafted/yellow_stained_glass_pane       200         wes00chin
crafted/yellow_terracotta               1416        hypzee1
crafted/yellow_wool                     3732        AydenSWG
custom/animals_bred                     3202        DaRulerofDragons
custom/aviate_one_cm                    1708538275  dti131
custom/bell_ring                        31977       TheDoctor7562
custom/boat_one_cm                      84134173    WinterStars
custom/clean_armor                      10          Bjorn_bernarsson
custom/clean_banner                     284         Skizzili
custom/clean_shulker_box                13          Shonisaurus
custom/climb_one_cm                     11084107    sigma_turbine
custom/crouch_one_cm                    43936044    EmeraldBokoblin
custom/damage_absorbed                  36017       Suskang
custom/damage_blocked_by_shield         222850      hypzee1
custom/damage_dealt                     4390420     EmeraldBokoblin
custom/damage_dealt_absorbed            33287       cheeeeca
custom/damage_dealt_resisted            3194        hypzee1
custom/damage_resisted                  377021      dti131
custom/damage_taken                     5203258     Suskang
custom/deaths                           4677        Suskang
custom/drop                             54444       EmeraldBokoblin
custom/eat_cake_slice                   342         fallingleaf271
custom/enchant_item                     2547        SE3dling
custom/fall_one_cm                      46363229    Dankinese
custom/fill_cauldron                    104         Skizzili
custom/fish_caught                      1383        SoySauceMatters
custom/fly_one_cm                       409503529   Dasckepur
custom/horse_one_cm                     108023923   EmeraldBokoblin
custom/inspect_dispenser                9964        Wesley2819
custom/inspect_dropper                  2116        Wesley2819
custom/inspect_hopper                   11027       Wesley2819
custom/interact_with_anvil              1472        SE3dling
custom/interact_with_beacon             331         exgodstatus
custom/interact_with_blast_furnace      1992        Fun4TheWholeFam
custom/interact_with_brewingstand       3876        Suskang
custom/interact_with_campfire           2026        KattyBat
custom/interact_with_cartography_table  230         ERROR
custom/interact_with_crafting_table     8379        Wesley2819
custom/interact_with_furnace            7136        banana_pirate1
custom/interact_with_grindstone         1389        Tod_NL
custom/interact_with_lectern            1409        Submadoge
custom/interact_with_loom               180         ERROR
custom/interact_with_smithing_table     199         anchovyy
custom/interact_with_smoker             1326        DMPancake
custom/interact_with_stonecutter        1119        SummersMoon
custom/jump                             1032623     cfdlboi
custom/leave_game                       3315        VTD
custom/minecart_one_cm                  17716310    dti131
custom/mob_kills                        187038      SE3dling
custom/open_barrel                      14310       AhFloorTentacle
custom/open_chest                       59967       exgodstatus
custom/open_enderchest                  5722        KoiWolf27
custom/open_shulker_box                 43811       Dasckepur
custom/pig_one_cm                       93745268    iiEthan
custom/play_noteblock                   6899        X_Ray
custom/play_one_minute                  130788777   dti131
custom/play_record                      333         sokang
custom/player_kills                     1720        cheeeeca
custom/pot_flower                       150         Dasckepur
custom/raid_trigger                     1901        SE3dling
custom/raid_win                         27          EmeraldBokoblin
custom/sleep_in_bed                     230         BlahBlah________
custom/sneak_time                       11502418    exgodstatus
custom/sprint_one_cm                    272498737   exgodstatus
custom/strider_one_cm                   5252217     VooDooBR
custom/swim_one_cm                      26800056    NicolBolas1232
custom/talked_to_villager               23565       Wesley2819
custom/target_hit                       180         exgodstatus
custom/time_since_death                 41976405    dti131
custom/time_since_rest                  8852393     banana_pirate1
custom/traded_with_villager             79883       KoiWolf27
custom/trigger_trapped_chest            1388        M1r7hful
custom/tune_noteblock                   109244      sokang
custom/use_cauldron                     76          ERROR
custom/walk_on_water_one_cm             21389087    exgodstatus
custom/walk_one_cm                      269317951   dti131
custom/walk_under_water_one_cm          49925525    NicolBolas1232
dropped/acacia_boat                     42          Suskang
dropped/acacia_button                   64          Cheese_Addict
dropped/acacia_door                     15          AKjustAK
dropped/acacia_fence                    82          _EunB_
dropped/acacia_fence_gate               4           longtimesunshine
dropped/acacia_leaves                   1699        hypzee1
dropped/acacia_log                      593         Mobzillahz
dropped/acacia_planks                   593         Xx_uwumaster_xX
dropped/acacia_pressure_plate           15          A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
dropped/acacia_sapling                  379         VooDooBR
dropped/acacia_sign                     61          SummersMoon
dropped/acacia_slab                     215         sentinelgamerz
dropped/acacia_stairs                   60          HaisaiOjisan
dropped/acacia_trapdoor                 38          WinterStars
dropped/acacia_wood                     18          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/activator_rail                  43          iiEthan
dropped/allium                          64          KVanilla1
dropped/ancient_debris                  289         SoySauceMatters
dropped/andesite                        22054       ERROR
dropped/andesite_slab                   193         SE3dling
dropped/andesite_stairs                 84          HyperGamer3500
dropped/andesite_wall                   129         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/anvil                           202         SE3dling
dropped/apple                           577         hjoire69
dropped/armor_stand                     19          A_Hundred_Ninjas
dropped/arrow                           81045       ERROR
dropped/azure_bluet                     150         KVanilla1
dropped/baked_potato                    2188        Xx_uwumaster_xX
dropped/bamboo                          9674        hypzee1
dropped/barrel                          842         VTD
dropped/basalt                          7947        flicck
dropped/beacon                          196         pink_wolf3
dropped/bedrock                         1           MarioFoli, Bomo, flicck, iiEthan
dropped/bee_nest                        7           hypzee1
dropped/bee_spawn_egg                   1           iiEthan
dropped/beef                            182         Suskang
dropped/beehive                         67          Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/beetroot                        485         yaxley_peaks
dropped/beetroot_seeds                  2101        fallingleaf271
dropped/beetroot_soup                   42          Froggy_Jaiden
dropped/bell                            24          SoySauceMatters
dropped/birch_boat                      61          cuddlebetter
dropped/birch_button                    155         Skizzili
dropped/birch_door                      21          SunlightStreaks
dropped/birch_fence                     100         jonathanpie
dropped/birch_fence_gate                128         httpfroggy
dropped/birch_leaves                    6704        SonOfDemise
dropped/birch_log                       954         Technobox1
dropped/birch_planks                    804         SummersMoon
dropped/birch_pressure_plate            15          dti131
dropped/birch_sapling                   1210        Ninobf
dropped/birch_sign                      138         Suskang
dropped/birch_slab                      866         _Dankk
dropped/birch_stairs                    228         KVanilla1
dropped/birch_trapdoor                  452         xegmaster
dropped/birch_wood                      170         philvee727
dropped/black_banner                    102         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/black_bed                       123         Suskang
dropped/black_carpet                    19112       ERROR
dropped/black_concrete                  2890        iiEthan
dropped/black_concrete_powder           9833        flicck
dropped/black_dye                       4431        WinterStars
dropped/black_glazed_terracotta         163         Jimtopher
dropped/black_shulker_box               60          c419
dropped/black_stained_glass             6449        WinterStars
dropped/black_stained_glass_pane        848         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/black_terracotta                1014        ERROR
dropped/black_wool                      31297       ERROR
dropped/blackstone                      13591       Dankinese
dropped/blackstone_slab                 248         Silloter
dropped/blackstone_stairs               175         Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/blackstone_wall                 79          Wesley2819
dropped/blast_furnace                   74          xiaonoot
dropped/blaze_powder                    428         SE3dling
dropped/blaze_rod                       1856        BasedArrow
dropped/blue_banner                     12          AhFloorTentacle
dropped/blue_bed                        13          Ham_Addict
dropped/blue_carpet                     160         SonOfDemise
dropped/blue_concrete                   2240        Paskeltw8
dropped/blue_concrete_powder            263         iiEthan
dropped/blue_dye                        683         5space
dropped/blue_glazed_terracotta          18          Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/blue_ice                        1848        mitchellpup
dropped/blue_orchid                     28          hypzee1
dropped/blue_shulker_box                13          WinterStars
dropped/blue_stained_glass              172         sokang
dropped/blue_stained_glass_pane         176         sokang
dropped/blue_terracotta                 1905        ERROR
dropped/blue_wool                       772         Mobzillahz
dropped/bone                            162622      TheDoctor7562
dropped/bone_block                      4092        cheeeeca
dropped/bone_meal                       16957       cheeeeca
dropped/book                            1533        ERROR
dropped/bookshelf                       922         Skizzili
dropped/bow                             691         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/bowl                            588         Cheese_Addict
dropped/brain_coral                     342         sokang
dropped/brain_coral_block               1152        sokang
dropped/brain_coral_fan                 1089        sokang
dropped/bread                           2971        Xx_uwumaster_xX
dropped/brewing_stand                   44          LousySmousy
dropped/brick                           1502        hypzee1
dropped/brick_slab                      88          iiEthan
dropped/brick_stairs                    60          TheDoctor7562
dropped/brick_wall                      38          SummersMoon
dropped/bricks                          3465        hypzee1
dropped/brown_banner                    13          TY_60
dropped/brown_bed                       21          ConfusedAlibi
dropped/brown_carpet                    917         SE3dling
dropped/brown_concrete                  61          uR0bic
dropped/brown_concrete_powder           74          _Dankk
dropped/brown_dye                       384         Atomixx_125
dropped/brown_glazed_terracotta         6           hypzee1
dropped/brown_mushroom                  625         ERROR
dropped/brown_mushroom_block            1446        casm57
dropped/brown_shulker_box               10          hypzee1
dropped/brown_stained_glass             70          sokang
dropped/brown_stained_glass_pane        192         sokang
dropped/brown_terracotta                9393        Tomiomii
dropped/brown_wool                      15374       AncientBlade
dropped/bubble_coral                    323         sokang
dropped/bubble_coral_block              1216        sokang
dropped/bubble_coral_fan                1153        sokang
dropped/bucket                          185         SonOfDemise
dropped/cactus                          961975      Dankinese
dropped/cake                            582         _Dankk
dropped/campfire                        72          ERROR
dropped/carrot                          62439       SoySauceMatters
dropped/carrot_on_a_stick               5           cheeeeca
dropped/cartography_table               84          jonathanpie
dropped/carved_pumpkin                  156         iiEthan
dropped/cauldron                        12          Suskang
dropped/chain                           128         BioticWhisper
dropped/chainmail_boots                 687         confused_savior
dropped/chainmail_chestplate            38          confused_savior
dropped/chainmail_helmet                962         confused_savior
dropped/chainmail_leggings              474         confused_savior
dropped/charcoal                        5375        yaxley_peaks
dropped/chest                           2828        Skizzili
dropped/chest_minecart                  3           ERROR, Ctenar
dropped/chicken                         334         Dankinese
dropped/chipped_anvil                   7           SE3dling
dropped/chiseled_nether_bricks          24          Fun4TheWholeFam, SE3dling, Wtnaut, Hobo_Joe2474
dropped/chiseled_polished_blackstone    187         SoySauceMatters
dropped/chiseled_quartz_block           64          TheDoctor7562
dropped/chiseled_red_sandstone          1           F117Nighthawkspy
dropped/chiseled_sandstone              429         xegmaster
dropped/chiseled_stone_bricks           890         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/chorus_flower                   64          ERROR
dropped/chorus_fruit                    660         WinterStars
dropped/clay                            4169        MartinTheMango26
dropped/clay_ball                       604         024CandyCane
dropped/clock                           34          SE3dling
dropped/coal                            11540       ERROR
dropped/coal_block                      958         hypzee1
dropped/coal_ore                        14294       ERROR
dropped/coarse_dirt                     529         BlitzIR
dropped/cobblestone                     175649      SoySauceMatters
dropped/cobblestone_slab                1678        iiEthan
dropped/cobblestone_stairs              967         bunny96bunny
dropped/cobblestone_wall                557         red_sky1
dropped/cobweb                          293         exgodstatus
dropped/cocoa_beans                     681         starfisH714
dropped/cod                             4459        Skizzili
dropped/cod_bucket                      16          Cheese_Addict
dropped/comparator                      99          DiscardFile
dropped/compass                         685         TheDoctor7562
dropped/composter                       91          JorgeLuis0205
dropped/conduit                         2           Suskang, Strider314, hypzee1, Unpaid_Animator
dropped/cooked_beef                     382         dti131
dropped/cooked_chicken                  1097        BoxBlink
dropped/cooked_cod                      2338        EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/cooked_mutton                   654         sokang
dropped/cooked_porkchop                 7484        Tod_NL
dropped/cooked_rabbit                   34          SE3dling
dropped/cooked_salmon                   96          SoySauceMatters
dropped/cookie                          1832        024CandyCane
dropped/cornflower                      1817        Apertur
dropped/cracked_nether_bricks           2           ilyRaven
dropped/cracked_polished_blackstone_bricks2544        Diamond_Miner317
dropped/cracked_stone_bricks            679         WinterStars
dropped/crafting_table                  13614       epter
dropped/creeper_head                    11          SoySauceMatters
dropped/creeper_spawn_egg               1           Cheese_Addict
dropped/crimson_button                  1120        SummersMoon
dropped/crimson_door                    12          Tod_NL
dropped/crimson_fence                   97          hjoire69
dropped/crimson_fence_gate              3           Tod_NL, Josias10pro1233
dropped/crimson_fungus                  194         hypzee1
dropped/crimson_hyphae                  516         Ovalgoatkid
dropped/crimson_nylium                  841         SE3dling
dropped/crimson_planks                  700         SummersMoon
dropped/crimson_pressure_plate          11          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/crimson_roots                   1523        Wtnaut
dropped/crimson_sign                    127         WinterStars
dropped/crimson_slab                    2346        datbrrto11
dropped/crimson_stairs                  292         WinterStars
dropped/crimson_stem                    1597        ERROR
dropped/crimson_trapdoor                256         SonOfDemise
dropped/crossbow                        3676        SE3dling
dropped/crying_obsidian                 260         Tod_NL
dropped/cut_red_sandstone               8           F117Nighthawkspy
dropped/cut_red_sandstone_slab          10          Ham_Addict
dropped/cut_sandstone                   710         xegmaster
dropped/cut_sandstone_slab              468         Wtnaut
dropped/cyan_banner                     7           Ham_Addict
dropped/cyan_bed                        10          Feral_Waffle
dropped/cyan_carpet                     67          Feral_Waffle
dropped/cyan_concrete                   1217        iiEthan
dropped/cyan_concrete_powder            300         TheDoctor7562
dropped/cyan_dye                        693         SE3dling
dropped/cyan_glazed_terracotta          14          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/cyan_shulker_box                8           A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
dropped/cyan_stained_glass              117         sokang
dropped/cyan_stained_glass_pane         176         sokang
dropped/cyan_terracotta                 21089       _Dankk
dropped/cyan_wool                       994         5space
dropped/damaged_anvil                   3           TheDoctor7562, Kywiie
dropped/dandelion                       436         BioticWhisper
dropped/dark_oak_boat                   592         Skizzili
dropped/dark_oak_button                 683         Skizzili
dropped/dark_oak_door                   132         hypzee1
dropped/dark_oak_fence                  607         jonathanpie
dropped/dark_oak_fence_gate             384         Ninobf
dropped/dark_oak_leaves                 4711        Grantalf
dropped/dark_oak_log                    6636        confused_savior
dropped/dark_oak_planks                 5107        Unpaid_Animator
dropped/dark_oak_pressure_plate         64          kgkd
dropped/dark_oak_sapling                2180        Skizzili
dropped/dark_oak_sign                   995         SummersMoon
dropped/dark_oak_slab                   990         VTD
dropped/dark_oak_stairs                 536         wes00chin
dropped/dark_oak_trapdoor               629         sokang
dropped/dark_oak_wood                   48          iiEthan
dropped/dark_prismarine                 516         CR_O_WW
dropped/dark_prismarine_slab            391         KVanilla1
dropped/dark_prismarine_stairs          61          VooDooBR
dropped/daylight_detector               10          jonathanpie
dropped/dead_brain_coral_block          5           GlitchedBean
dropped/dead_brain_coral_fan            5           forshale
dropped/dead_bubble_coral_block         21          GlitchedBean
dropped/dead_bush                       15184       hypzee1
dropped/dead_fire_coral_block           18          CheesyBaconBits
dropped/dead_fire_coral_fan             3           forshale
dropped/dead_horn_coral_block           64          exgodstatus
dropped/dead_horn_coral_fan             2           TY_60
dropped/dead_tube_coral_block           13          GlitchedBean
dropped/dead_tube_coral_fan             3           forshale
dropped/detector_rail                   40          Wtnaut
dropped/diamond                         3620        Wtnaut
dropped/diamond_axe                     70          dti131
dropped/diamond_block                   8213        xegmaster
dropped/diamond_boots                   66          dti131
dropped/diamond_chestplate              72          dti131
dropped/diamond_helmet                  89          _Dankk
dropped/diamond_hoe                     17          ERROR
dropped/diamond_horse_armor             13          Skizzili
dropped/diamond_leggings                74          dti131
dropped/diamond_ore                     82          sokang
dropped/diamond_pickaxe                 86          IeatPlastic_420
dropped/diamond_shovel                  59          Tod_NL
dropped/diamond_sword                   70          Tod_NL
dropped/diorite                         19452       ERROR
dropped/diorite_slab                    128         KoiWolf27
dropped/diorite_stairs                  60          jonathanpie, HyperGamer3500
dropped/diorite_wall                    92          KoiWolf27
dropped/dirt                            198337      mitchellpup
dropped/dispenser                       128         Kalaconzti
dropped/dragon_breath                   576         cheeeeca, Nightmare0685
dropped/dragon_egg                      15          MarioFoli
dropped/dragon_head                     28          AM3N
dropped/dried_kelp                      9437        confused_savior
dropped/dried_kelp_block                958         jonathanpie
dropped/dropper                         519         hypzee1
dropped/egg                             1362        hypzee1
dropped/elytra                          147         WinterStars
dropped/emerald                         17154       ERROR
dropped/emerald_block                   1765        SE3dling
dropped/emerald_ore                     32          exgodstatus
dropped/enchanted_book                  2992        Tod_NL
dropped/enchanted_golden_apple          216         MarioFoli
dropped/enchanting_table                9           Paskeltw8
dropped/end_crystal                     273         _Dankk
dropped/end_rod                         438         hypzee1
dropped/end_stone                       21635       exgodstatus
dropped/end_stone_brick_slab            1344        Toby_671
dropped/end_stone_brick_stairs          33          SummersMoon
dropped/end_stone_brick_wall            66          LimeishPingu
dropped/end_stone_bricks                889         Toby_671
dropped/ender_chest                     190         Skizzili
dropped/ender_eye                       79          _Dankk
dropped/ender_pearl                     31004       Tomiomii
dropped/enderman_spawn_egg              29          Cheese_Addict
dropped/endermite_spawn_egg             1           iiEthan
dropped/experience_bottle               119         keadd
dropped/farmland                        1           iiEthan
dropped/feather                         1116        SE3dling
dropped/fermented_spider_eye            378         cheeeeca
dropped/fern                            647         Submadoge
dropped/filled_map                      389         iiEthan
dropped/fire_charge                     159         SonOfDemise
dropped/fire_coral                      380         sokang
dropped/fire_coral_block                1280        sokang
dropped/fire_coral_fan                  1152        sokang
dropped/firework_rocket                 16221       Tod_NL
dropped/firework_star                   327         ERROR
dropped/fishing_rod                     25          hypzee1
dropped/fletching_table                 20          jonathanpie
dropped/flint                           6663        SoySauceMatters
dropped/flint_and_steel                 85          SonOfDemise
dropped/flower_banner_pattern           9           Paskeltw8
dropped/flower_pot                      134         hypzee1
dropped/furnace                         560         SIMPZE4T
dropped/furnace_minecart                1           Suskang, Dirtblock42, minemeez, mishzaab
dropped/ghast_spawn_egg                 3           Strider314
dropped/ghast_tear                      1018        sokang
dropped/gilded_blackstone               452         Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/glass                           21112       jonathanpie
dropped/glass_bottle                    2721        Suskang
dropped/glass_pane                      2311        jonathanpie
dropped/glistering_melon_slice          105         Driftsalad
dropped/globe_banner_pattern            2           ERROR, TortleDoge, Strider314
dropped/glowstone                       642         cheeeeca
dropped/glowstone_dust                  1145        Suskang
dropped/gold_block                      9946        cheeeeca
dropped/gold_ingot                      10464       Tod_NL
dropped/gold_nugget                     164990      xiaonoot
dropped/gold_ore                        451         cfdlboi
dropped/golden_apple                    2929        BlokBoiZac
dropped/golden_axe                      16          SE3dling
dropped/golden_boots                    142         ERROR
dropped/golden_carrot                   3440        cheeeeca
dropped/golden_chestplate               123         ERROR
dropped/golden_helmet                   91          ERROR
dropped/golden_hoe                      60          Suskang
dropped/golden_horse_armor              25          Skizzili
dropped/golden_leggings                 130         ERROR
dropped/golden_pickaxe                  9           hjoire69
dropped/golden_shovel                   12          ERROR
dropped/golden_sword                    6109        Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/granite                         19147       ERROR
dropped/granite_slab                    64          Dankinese
dropped/granite_stairs                  104         HyperGamer3500
dropped/granite_wall                    295         ERROR
dropped/grass                           205         SummersMoon
dropped/grass_block                     27736       mitchellpup
dropped/grass_path                      64          ABlazingEBoy
dropped/gravel                          29349       flicck
dropped/gray_banner                     6           b3rryisdead
dropped/gray_bed                        8           Suskang
dropped/gray_carpet                     1170        ERROR
dropped/gray_concrete                   2417        Suzum3
dropped/gray_concrete_powder            2306        Suzum3
dropped/gray_dye                        1600        sigma_turbine
dropped/gray_glazed_terracotta          4           Hopethisaintaken
dropped/gray_shulker_box                6           cheeeeca, Wtnaut
dropped/gray_stained_glass              960         n1k0z
dropped/gray_stained_glass_pane         754         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/gray_terracotta                 759         ilyRaven
dropped/gray_wool                       24525       Mobzillahz
dropped/green_banner                    7           EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/green_bed                       43          Suskang
dropped/green_carpet                    312         SE3dling
dropped/green_concrete                  1070        sigma_turbine
dropped/green_concrete_powder           788         __Carrot_
dropped/green_dye                       18785       Dankinese
dropped/green_glazed_terracotta         14          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/green_shulker_box               7           WinterStars
dropped/green_stained_glass             572         Dankinese
dropped/green_stained_glass_pane        176         sokang
dropped/green_terracotta                1601        Vermox
dropped/green_wool                      385         Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/grindstone                      76          Suskang
dropped/gunpowder                       828731      exgodstatus
dropped/hay_block                       308         LousySmousy
dropped/heart_of_the_sea                10          flicck
dropped/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate   230         sigma_turbine
dropped/honey_block                     3243        Dankinese
dropped/honey_bottle                    1662        Dankinese
dropped/honeycomb                       7109        Suskang
dropped/honeycomb_block                 1731        TheDoctor7562
dropped/hopper                          1255        hypzee1
dropped/hopper_minecart                 21          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/horn_coral                      340         sokang
dropped/horn_coral_block                1216        sokang
dropped/horn_coral_fan                  1280        sokang
dropped/ice                             2095        ERROR
dropped/infested_stone_bricks           1           MarioFoli
dropped/ink_sac                         614         Strider314
dropped/iron_axe                        2893        SE3dling
dropped/iron_bars                       552         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/iron_block                      2992        hypzee1
dropped/iron_boots                      115         hypzee1
dropped/iron_chestplate                 70          confused_savior
dropped/iron_door                       34          WinterStars
dropped/iron_helmet                     98          confused_savior
dropped/iron_hoe                        10          SummersMoon
dropped/iron_horse_armor                16          Skizzili
dropped/iron_ingot                      25801       ERROR
dropped/iron_leggings                   157         confused_savior
dropped/iron_nugget                     924         Hapho
dropped/iron_ore                        3732        ERROR
dropped/iron_pickaxe                    59          Frojjjy
dropped/iron_shovel                     56          TheDoctor7562
dropped/iron_sword                      87          Suskang
dropped/iron_trapdoor                   184         _Dankk
dropped/item_frame                      644         Paskeltw8
dropped/jack_o_lantern                  336         hypzee1
dropped/jukebox                         18          garfield_mc
dropped/jungle_boat                     96          quizical
dropped/jungle_button                   366         Dankinese
dropped/jungle_door                     26          Teiqonn
dropped/jungle_fence                    106         ERROR
dropped/jungle_fence_gate               35          hypzee1
dropped/jungle_leaves                   2275        EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/jungle_log                      2662        cfdlboi
dropped/jungle_planks                   3416        bloodocean643
dropped/jungle_pressure_plate           6           exgodstatus
dropped/jungle_sapling                  911         KoiWolf27
dropped/jungle_sign                     236         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
dropped/jungle_slab                     3618        AM3N
dropped/jungle_stairs                   118         bunny96bunny
dropped/jungle_trapdoor                 794         jonathanpie
dropped/jungle_wood                     64          exgodstatus
dropped/kelp                            12963       sigma_turbine
dropped/ladder                          671         Mobzillahz
dropped/lantern                         350         iiEthan
dropped/lapis_block                     835         KoiWolf27
dropped/lapis_lazuli                    2626        Xx_uwumaster_xX
dropped/lapis_ore                       255         ERROR
dropped/large_fern                      2           SonOfDemise, garfield_mc
dropped/lava_bucket                     62          Lucinade
dropped/lead                            169         hypzee1
dropped/leather                         1867        Dankinese
dropped/leather_boots                   110         ERROR
dropped/leather_chestplate              61          ERROR
dropped/leather_helmet                  60          ERROR
dropped/leather_horse_armor             16          Vermox
dropped/leather_leggings                65          ERROR
dropped/lectern                         169         Skizzili
dropped/lever                           668         Dankinese
dropped/light_blue_banner               25          AhFloorTentacle
dropped/light_blue_bed                  15          LatinoPitaya
dropped/light_blue_carpet               214         VTD
dropped/light_blue_concrete             382         SokySergeant
dropped/light_blue_concrete_powder      22076       _Dankk
dropped/light_blue_dye                  963         cfdlboi
dropped/light_blue_glazed_terracotta    7           cfdlboi
dropped/light_blue_shulker_box          11          WinterStars
dropped/light_blue_stained_glass        184         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/light_blue_stained_glass_pane   2343        EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/light_blue_terracotta           3475        ERROR
dropped/light_blue_wool                 1666        cfdlboi
dropped/light_gray_banner               3           Tomiomii
dropped/light_gray_bed                  585         Suskang
dropped/light_gray_carpet               1075        iiEthan
dropped/light_gray_concrete             1671        VooDooBR
dropped/light_gray_concrete_powder      6408        _Dankk
dropped/light_gray_dye                  478         LousySmousy
dropped/light_gray_glazed_terracotta    44          A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
dropped/light_gray_shulker_box          11          Suskang
dropped/light_gray_stained_glass        258         Xx_uwumaster_xX
dropped/light_gray_stained_glass_pane   1830        EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/light_gray_terracotta           2804        iiEthan
dropped/light_gray_wool                 8979        Mobzillahz
dropped/light_weighted_pressure_plate   783         Dankinese
dropped/lilac                           386         hypzee1
dropped/lily_of_the_valley              270         Apertur
dropped/lily_pad                        141         ERROR
dropped/lime_banner                     2           Mobzillahz, A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
dropped/lime_bed                        31          Skizzili
dropped/lime_carpet                     418         hypzee1
dropped/lime_concrete                   274         Bunjjee
dropped/lime_concrete_powder            324         IeatPlastic_420
dropped/lime_dye                        327         hypzee1
dropped/lime_glazed_terracotta          14          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/lime_shulker_box                5           hypzee1
dropped/lime_stained_glass              280         TheDoctor7562
dropped/lime_stained_glass_pane         368         Mobzillahz
dropped/lime_terracotta                 336         exgodstatus
dropped/lime_wool                       576         hypzee1
dropped/lingering_potion                6           iiEthan
dropped/lodestone                       4           MartinTheMango26
dropped/loom                            10          Mobzillahz
dropped/magenta_banner                  16          ERROR
dropped/magenta_bed                     321         Suskang
dropped/magenta_carpet                  76          hypzee1
dropped/magenta_concrete                32          CoraB2004
dropped/magenta_concrete_powder         128         hypzee1
dropped/magenta_dye                     122         SonOfDemise
dropped/magenta_glazed_terracotta       3           Wtnaut
dropped/magenta_shulker_box             6           WinterStars
dropped/magenta_stained_glass           70          sokang
dropped/magenta_stained_glass_pane      192         sokang
dropped/magenta_terracotta              584         _Dankk
dropped/magenta_wool                    832         Vermox
dropped/magma_block                     4882        JorgeLuis0205
dropped/magma_cream                     333         Scytrogen
dropped/map                             215         ERROR
dropped/melon                           19535       ERROR
dropped/melon_seeds                     1097        Kalaconzti
dropped/melon_slice                     260450      ERROR
dropped/milk_bucket                     43          SummersMoon
dropped/minecart                        125         ERROR
dropped/mossy_cobblestone               144         jonathanpie
dropped/mossy_cobblestone_slab          12          ERROR
dropped/mossy_cobblestone_stairs        13          ERROR
dropped/mossy_cobblestone_wall          60          dti131
dropped/mossy_stone_brick_slab          44          WinterStars
dropped/mossy_stone_brick_stairs        15          Lil_Siv
dropped/mossy_stone_brick_wall          1           cfdlboi, _sinead, DonJ4rno
dropped/mossy_stone_bricks              643         VTD
dropped/mushroom_stem                   656         casm57
dropped/mushroom_stew                   46          LichardRange
dropped/music_disc_11                   44          TheDoctor7562
dropped/music_disc_13                   48          TheDoctor7562
dropped/music_disc_blocks               45          TheDoctor7562
dropped/music_disc_cat                  50          TheDoctor7562
dropped/music_disc_chirp                69          TheDoctor7562
dropped/music_disc_far                  38          TheDoctor7562
dropped/music_disc_mall                 56          TheDoctor7562
dropped/music_disc_mellohi              51          TheDoctor7562
dropped/music_disc_pigstep              24          Tod_NL
dropped/music_disc_stal                 20          Suskang
dropped/music_disc_strad                53          TheDoctor7562
dropped/music_disc_wait                 31          TheDoctor7562
dropped/music_disc_ward                 43          TheDoctor7562
dropped/mutton                          95          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/mycelium                        1998        WinterStars
dropped/name_tag                        240         hypzee1
dropped/nautilus_shell                  34          keadd
dropped/nether_brick                    3024        flicck
dropped/nether_brick_fence              51          KoiWolf27
dropped/nether_brick_slab               70          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/nether_brick_stairs             76          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/nether_brick_wall               58          SE3dling
dropped/nether_bricks                   849         Paskeltw8
dropped/nether_gold_ore                 323         Dankinese
dropped/nether_quartz_ore               5908        ERROR
dropped/nether_sprouts                  38          hjoire69
dropped/nether_star                     104         b3rryisdead
dropped/nether_wart                     2540        cheeeeca
dropped/nether_wart_block               7123        DMPancake
dropped/netherite_axe                   41          hypzee1
dropped/netherite_block                 424         Dankinese
dropped/netherite_boots                 45          SE3dling, iiEthan
dropped/netherite_chestplate            45          SE3dling
dropped/netherite_helmet                47          SE3dling, iiEthan
dropped/netherite_hoe                   10          anchovyy
dropped/netherite_ingot                 250         SoySauceMatters
dropped/netherite_leggings              46          SE3dling, iiEthan
dropped/netherite_pickaxe               122         A_Hundred_Ninjas
dropped/netherite_scrap                 29          Scelletonking
dropped/netherite_shovel                22          Tod_NL, iiEthan
dropped/netherite_sword                 252         _Dankk
dropped/netherrack                      228464      SoySauceMatters
dropped/note_block                      1188        sokang
dropped/oak_boat                        279         Suskang
dropped/oak_button                      98          _InfiniteZero_
dropped/oak_door                        1267        Dankinese
dropped/oak_fence                       793         ERROR
dropped/oak_fence_gate                  24          b3rryisdead
dropped/oak_leaves                      11385       EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/oak_log                         4818        mitchellpup
dropped/oak_planks                      3918        SummersMoon
dropped/oak_pressure_plate              98          4And44
dropped/oak_sapling                     3308        SE3dling
dropped/oak_sign                        391         Suskang
dropped/oak_slab                        3501        ERROR
dropped/oak_stairs                      364         httpfroggy
dropped/oak_trapdoor                    272         GachiKiller
dropped/oak_wood                        99          Riyo_
dropped/observer                        1024        IeatPlastic_420
dropped/obsidian                        10732       JorgeLuis0205
dropped/orange_banner                   7           Michiel_2
dropped/orange_bed                      57          Jman_TheGamer
dropped/orange_carpet                   1624        ERROR
dropped/orange_concrete                 2423        sigma_turbine
dropped/orange_concrete_powder          5094        __Carrot_
dropped/orange_dye                      216         Despacito298
dropped/orange_glazed_terracotta        7           FireDragonQT
dropped/orange_shulker_box              6           WinterStars, SE3dling
dropped/orange_stained_glass            84          sokang
dropped/orange_stained_glass_pane       160         sokang
dropped/orange_terracotta               3642        AM3N
dropped/orange_tulip                    54          Vulpes2
dropped/orange_wool                     553         VTD
dropped/oxeye_daisy                     194         Apertur
dropped/packed_ice                      9225        mitchellpup
dropped/painting                        32          Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/paper                           5625        cheeeeca
dropped/peony                           2107        garfield_mc
dropped/petrified_oak_slab              1           Cheese_Addict
dropped/phantom_membrane                55          Dankinese
dropped/piglin_banner_pattern           4           Tod_NL, Goatmir
dropped/piglin_spawn_egg                1           Goatmir
dropped/pink_banner                     1           024CandyCane, fallingleaf271, ilov3you
dropped/pink_bed                        12          Toby_671, Hobo_Joe2474
dropped/pink_carpet                     320         SE3dling
dropped/pink_concrete                   3778        _Dankk
dropped/pink_concrete_powder            11939       _Dankk
dropped/pink_dye                        7745        VooDooBR
dropped/pink_glazed_terracotta          32          Cheese_Addict
dropped/pink_shulker_box                9           WinterStars
dropped/pink_stained_glass              74876       ERROR
dropped/pink_stained_glass_pane         176         sokang
dropped/pink_terracotta                 579         ERROR
dropped/pink_tulip                      440         hypzee1
dropped/pink_wool                       1241        Paskeltw8
dropped/piston                          328         ERROR
dropped/player_head                     3           MarioFoli, Cheese_Addict
dropped/podzol                          397         ERROR
dropped/poisonous_potato                546         Wesley2819
dropped/polished_andesite               6873        jonathanpie
dropped/polished_andesite_slab          487         ThePorkMan
dropped/polished_andesite_stairs        79          KoiWolf27
dropped/polished_basalt                 2138        Cosmic66
dropped/polished_blackstone             965         cheeeeca
dropped/polished_blackstone_brick_slab  512         Diamond_Miner317
dropped/polished_blackstone_brick_stairs787         SonOfDemise
dropped/polished_blackstone_brick_wall  384         Diamond_Miner317
dropped/polished_blackstone_bricks      2197        cheeeeca
dropped/polished_blackstone_button      107         SonOfDemise
dropped/polished_blackstone_pressure_plate128         see_the_stars
dropped/polished_blackstone_slab        443         cfdlboi
dropped/polished_blackstone_stairs      204         Strider314
dropped/polished_blackstone_wall        1014        EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/polished_diorite                685         SE3dling
dropped/polished_diorite_slab           136         UnethicalVoxel
dropped/polished_diorite_stairs         286         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/polished_granite                832         SE3dling
dropped/polished_granite_slab           51          bella_puff
dropped/polished_granite_stairs         18          Strider314
dropped/popped_chorus_fruit             364         SE3dling
dropped/poppy                           9717        hypzee1
dropped/porkchop                        3253        Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/potato                          6518        Teiqonn
dropped/potion                          4615        SE3dling
dropped/powered_rail                    627         IeatPlastic_420
dropped/prismarine                      3797        sokang
dropped/prismarine_brick_slab           103         SonOfDemise
dropped/prismarine_brick_stairs         53          SummersMoon
dropped/prismarine_bricks               2602        sokang
dropped/prismarine_crystals             11042       casm57
dropped/prismarine_shard                11711       casm57
dropped/prismarine_slab                 36          casm57
dropped/prismarine_stairs               4           Bomo
dropped/prismarine_wall                 428         casm57
dropped/pufferfish                      143         sokang
dropped/pufferfish_bucket               10          Cheese_Addict
dropped/pumpkin                         81203       ERROR
dropped/pumpkin_pie                     866         ilyRaven
dropped/pumpkin_seeds                   1546        hypzee1
dropped/purple_banner                   18          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/purple_bed                      9           TheMcDonaldsDude
dropped/purple_carpet                   71          Feral_Waffle
dropped/purple_concrete                 40          Dasckepur
dropped/purple_concrete_powder          48          SummersMoon, Us1_Marc
dropped/purple_dye                      318         Skizzili
dropped/purple_glazed_terracotta        4           Wtnaut
dropped/purple_shulker_box              14          hjoire69
dropped/purple_stained_glass            126         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/purple_stained_glass_pane       188         sokang
dropped/purple_terracotta               312         ERROR
dropped/purple_wool                     441         A4r4, ConfusedAlibi
dropped/purpur_block                    982         Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/purpur_pillar                   547         Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/purpur_slab                     83          Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/purpur_stairs                   140         Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/quartz                          5401        Suzum3
dropped/quartz_block                    3656        jonathanpie
dropped/quartz_bricks                   410         AGuyYouMayKnow
dropped/quartz_pillar                   411         Bunjjee
dropped/quartz_slab                     163         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
dropped/quartz_stairs                   250         Envenom1
dropped/rabbit                          56          Paskeltw8
dropped/rabbit_foot                     148         Dankinese
dropped/rabbit_hide                     272         Dankinese
dropped/rabbit_stew                     54          TheDoctor7562
dropped/rail                            5358        hypzee1
dropped/red_banner                      11          PiXleGhost
dropped/red_bed                         16          Dankinese
dropped/red_carpet                      198         Jamesfish
dropped/red_concrete                    277         SokySergeant
dropped/red_concrete_powder             18579       flicck
dropped/red_dye                         6102        Xx_uwumaster_xX
dropped/red_glazed_terracotta           12          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/red_mushroom                    190         Despacito298
dropped/red_mushroom_block              640         Grantalf
dropped/red_nether_brick_slab           12          banana_pirate1
dropped/red_nether_brick_stairs         78          Bwirzburger
dropped/red_nether_brick_wall           45          TheDoctor7562
dropped/red_nether_bricks               109         dti131
dropped/red_sand                        1829        Wtnaut
dropped/red_sandstone                   262         Suskang
dropped/red_sandstone_slab              12          Ham_Addict
dropped/red_sandstone_stairs            12          Dankinese, F117Nighthawkspy
dropped/red_shulker_box                 13          flicck, longtimesunshine
dropped/red_stained_glass               328         SokySergeant
dropped/red_stained_glass_pane          192         sokang
dropped/red_terracotta                  1600        mitchellpup
dropped/red_tulip                       91          httpfroggy
dropped/red_wool                        557         Grantalf
dropped/redstone                        12242       ERROR
dropped/redstone_block                  1677        ManaManon
dropped/redstone_lamp                   169         KVanilla1
dropped/redstone_ore                    2339        ERROR
dropped/redstone_torch                  803         JorgeLuis0205
dropped/repeater                        212         DiscardFile
dropped/respawn_anchor                  8           HyperGamer3500
dropped/rose_bush                       1914        hypzee1
dropped/rotten_flesh                    90144       ERROR
dropped/saddle                          1471        SE3dling
dropped/salmon                          114         Bomo
dropped/salmon_bucket                   6           IStubbedMyToe69
dropped/sand                            845477      JorgeLuis0205
dropped/sandstone                       7588        sokang
dropped/sandstone_slab                  538         cfdlboi
dropped/sandstone_stairs                525         xegmaster
dropped/sandstone_wall                  363         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/scaffolding                     1505        jonathanpie
dropped/scute                           112         ABlazingEBoy
dropped/sea_lantern                     992         sokang
dropped/sea_pickle                      219         hypzee1
dropped/seagrass                        429         ERROR
dropped/shears                          2127        SonOfDemise
dropped/shield                          69          hypzee1
dropped/shroomlight                     614         hypzee1
dropped/shulker_box                     324         ZimoniZ
dropped/shulker_shell                   711         Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/skeleton_skull                  7           SoySauceMatters
dropped/skull_banner_pattern            2           flicck
dropped/slime_ball                      9850        Dankinese
dropped/slime_block                     5525        Dankinese
dropped/smithing_table                  17          ERROR
dropped/smoker                          9           fish_with_thumbs
dropped/smooth_quartz                   768         ERROR
dropped/smooth_quartz_slab              551         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/smooth_quartz_stairs            356         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/smooth_red_sandstone            38          hypzee1
dropped/smooth_red_sandstone_slab       1           Dasckepur
dropped/smooth_red_sandstone_stairs     2           EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/smooth_sandstone                38501       ERROR
dropped/smooth_sandstone_slab           247         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/smooth_sandstone_stairs         151         SummersMoon
dropped/smooth_stone                    10073       ERROR
dropped/smooth_stone_slab               2525        WinterStars
dropped/snow                            1944        sokang
dropped/snow_block                      1216        Balazs0718
dropped/snowball                        1916        miloFTW
dropped/soul_campfire                   192         ArtsyRex
dropped/soul_lantern                    56          bunny96bunny
dropped/soul_sand                       2411        Dankinese
dropped/soul_soil                       2548        hypzee1
dropped/soul_torch                      194         Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/spectral_arrow                  1784        Tod_NL
dropped/spider_eye                      2971        WinterStars
dropped/splash_potion                   1160        cheeeeca
dropped/sponge                          581         sokang
dropped/spruce_boat                     475         Suskang
dropped/spruce_button                   489         Tod_NL
dropped/spruce_door                     318         Trouxso
dropped/spruce_fence                    1829        Dankinese
dropped/spruce_fence_gate               262         Suskang
dropped/spruce_leaves                   11124       EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/spruce_log                      19953       ERROR
dropped/spruce_planks                   19206       Michiel_2
dropped/spruce_pressure_plate           66          SE3dling
dropped/spruce_sapling                  4056        Apertur
dropped/spruce_sign                     369         SE3dling
dropped/spruce_slab                     4511        kau69
dropped/spruce_stairs                   1553        ERROR
dropped/spruce_trapdoor                 4373        jonathanpie
dropped/spruce_wood                     452         i_love_hiding
dropped/stick                           51745       jonathanpie
dropped/sticky_piston                   828         ERROR
dropped/stone                           337178      ERROR
dropped/stone_axe                       136         yaxley_peaks
dropped/stone_brick_slab                6843        ERROR
dropped/stone_brick_stairs              1089        KoiWolf27
dropped/stone_brick_wall                361         _Dankk
dropped/stone_bricks                    7526        BasedArrow
dropped/stone_button                    530         SonOfDemise
dropped/stone_hoe                       47          Teiqonn
dropped/stone_pickaxe                   75          cfdlboi
dropped/stone_pressure_plate            168         jonathanpie
dropped/stone_shovel                    97          Caveira2403
dropped/stone_slab                      1162        ERROR
dropped/stone_stairs                    540         SummersMoon
dropped/stone_sword                     841         Tomiomii
dropped/stonecutter                     6           Ninobf, EmeraldBokoblin, SummersMoon
dropped/string                          43012       ERROR
dropped/stripped_acacia_log             20          AncientBlade
dropped/stripped_acacia_wood            1           Bomo
dropped/stripped_birch_log              193         Dasckepur
dropped/stripped_birch_wood             27          BlitzIR
dropped/stripped_crimson_hyphae         5           Ido_mess
dropped/stripped_crimson_stem           128         HexdePixel
dropped/stripped_dark_oak_log           128         buttconnoisseur
dropped/stripped_dark_oak_wood          16          confused_savior
dropped/stripped_jungle_log             49          anchovyy
dropped/stripped_jungle_wood            81          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/stripped_oak_log                378         Dasckepur
dropped/stripped_oak_wood               9           CheesyBaconBits
dropped/stripped_spruce_log             246         Fun4TheWholeFam
dropped/stripped_spruce_wood            53          Dasckepur
dropped/stripped_warped_hyphae          6           ABlazingEBoy
dropped/stripped_warped_stem            87          Skizzili
dropped/sugar                           5933        Suskang
dropped/sugar_cane                      39944       Suskang
dropped/sunflower                       4342        hypzee1
dropped/suspicious_stew                 61          SoySauceMatters
dropped/sweet_berries                   4191        BoxBlink
dropped/tall_grass                      4           Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/target                          59          mitchellpup
dropped/terracotta                      11896       sigma_turbine
dropped/tipped_arrow                    557         fallingleaf271
dropped/tnt                             16272       ERROR
dropped/tnt_minecart                    1           Agent256
dropped/torch                           3283        SoySauceMatters
dropped/totem_of_undying                1486        SE3dling
dropped/trapped_chest                   2           Wesley2819
dropped/trident                         38          _Dankk
dropped/tripwire_hook                   21          Unpaid_Animator
dropped/tropical_fish                   54          SonOfDemise
dropped/tropical_fish_bucket            16          BoxBlink
dropped/tube_coral                      399         sokang
dropped/tube_coral_block                1216        sokang
dropped/tube_coral_fan                  1280        sokang
dropped/turtle_egg                      896         Wtnaut
dropped/turtle_helmet                   20          LazuliCrafter
dropped/twisting_vines                  517         jonathanpie
dropped/vine                            208         A_Hundred_Ninjas
dropped/warped_button                   3554        SummersMoon
dropped/warped_door                     9           EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/warped_fence                    38          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/warped_fence_gate               9           xiaonoot
dropped/warped_fungus                   308         hypzee1
dropped/warped_fungus_on_a_stick        5           Wtnaut
dropped/warped_hyphae                   262         exgodstatus
dropped/warped_nylium                   1810        _Dankk
dropped/warped_planks                   775         SonOfDemise
dropped/warped_pressure_plate           3           sokang
dropped/warped_roots                    1908        Wtnaut
dropped/warped_sign                     47          Tod_NL
dropped/warped_slab                     906         LimeishPingu
dropped/warped_stairs                   164         SummersMoon
dropped/warped_stem                     922         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
dropped/warped_trapdoor                 104         casm57
dropped/warped_wart_block               5465        Flame_Insignia
dropped/water_bucket                    90          Lofi16
dropped/weeping_vines                   1236        SilentTOILIT101
dropped/wet_sponge                      423         exgodstatus
dropped/wheat                           3354        ERROR
dropped/wheat_seeds                     20589       Balazs0718
dropped/white_banner                    9506        SE3dling
dropped/white_bed                       603         Suskang
dropped/white_carpet                    3057        ERROR
dropped/white_concrete                  8146        Dankinese
dropped/white_concrete_powder           6016        hjoire69
dropped/white_dye                       4250        Lemonhoneyy
dropped/white_glazed_terracotta         26          EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/white_shulker_box               11          SE3dling
dropped/white_stained_glass             1143        SonOfDemise
dropped/white_stained_glass_pane        800         casm57
dropped/white_terracotta                2482        iiEthan
dropped/white_tulip                     91          hypzee1
dropped/white_wool                      31923       ERROR
dropped/wither_rose                     5544        WinterStars
dropped/wither_skeleton_skull           306         Xx_uwumaster_xX
dropped/wooden_axe                      59          SmilGame
dropped/wooden_hoe                      14          Dr3wB1u
dropped/wooden_pickaxe                  43          Suskang
dropped/wooden_shovel                   166         forshale
dropped/wooden_sword                    473         longtimesunshine
dropped/writable_book                   130         Suskang
dropped/written_book                    556         Wtnaut
dropped/yellow_banner                   17          Suskang
dropped/yellow_bed                      27          Mateox__
dropped/yellow_carpet                   388         EmeraldBokoblin
dropped/yellow_concrete                 105         sokang
dropped/yellow_concrete_powder          316         cheeeeca
dropped/yellow_dye                      588         hypzee1
dropped/yellow_glazed_terracotta        66          024CandyCane
dropped/yellow_shulker_box              40          cfdlboi
dropped/yellow_stained_glass            84          sokang
dropped/yellow_stained_glass_pane       160         sokang
dropped/yellow_terracotta               653         AM3N
dropped/yellow_wool                     2134        mitchellpup
dropped/zombie_head                     18          SoySauceMatters
dropped/zombified_piglin_spawn_egg      2           flicck
killed/bat                              225         cheeeeca
killed/bee                              30          ERROR
killed/blaze                            3680        Toad_With_A_Gun
killed/cat                              85          Dankinese
killed/cave_spider                      7473        exgodstatus
killed/chicken                          368         toomuchtACKtical
killed/cod                              701         OliveeTrees
killed/cow                              740         SE3dling
killed/creeper                          162028      IeatPlastic_420
killed/dolphin                          33          sigma_turbine
killed/donkey                           10          jason1600, dti131
killed/drowned                          1836        Bomo
killed/elder_guardian                   14          Kamal_Dash
killed/ender_dragon                     10          Skizzili
killed/enderman                         32308       starfisH714
killed/endermite                        13847       WinterStars
killed/evoker                           6321        SE3dling
killed/fox                              18          dti131
killed/ghast                            1457        sokang
killed/giant                            9           muzak23
killed/guardian                         15822       EmeraldBokoblin
killed/hoglin                           3544        EmeraldBokoblin
killed/horse                            253         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
killed/husk                             1313        Mobzillahz
killed/illusioner                       4           Cheese_Addict
killed/iron_golem                       225         casm57
killed/llama                            79          ilyRaven
killed/magma_cube                       1394        Scytrogen
killed/mooshroom                        374         KVanilla1
killed/mule                             2           dti131
killed/ocelot                           3           Mateox__
killed/panda                            39          Bjorn_bernarsson
killed/parrot                           23          Bomo
killed/phantom                          22          LoomisFire
killed/pig                              507         UnethicalVoxel
killed/piglin                           806         Tod_NL
killed/piglin_brute                     13          TheDoctor7562
killed/pillager                         37528       SE3dling
killed/polar_bear                       64          Ham_Addict
killed/pufferfish                       23          sokang
killed/rabbit                           211         sigma_turbine
killed/ravager                          84          EmeraldBokoblin
killed/salmon                           671         Kalaconzti
killed/sheep                            700         sokang
killed/shulker                          3493        Fun4TheWholeFam
killed/silverfish                       293         Skizzili
killed/skeleton                         6934        Rocket_man1234
killed/skeleton_horse                   79          dti131
killed/slime                            3792        Vermox
killed/snow_golem                       24          Xx_uwumaster_xX
killed/spider                           1697        PiXleGhost
killed/squid                            1040        ERROR
killed/stray                            283         KoiWolf27
killed/strider                          17          Scytrogen
killed/trader_llama                     21          dti131
killed/tropical_fish                    34          Unpaid_Animator
killed/turtle                           383         LazuliCrafter
killed/vex                              926         SE3dling
killed/villager                         405         hypzee1
killed/vindicator                       30270       SE3dling
killed/wandering_trader                 12          dti131
killed/witch                            9288        SE3dling
killed/wither                           159         Xx_uwumaster_xX
killed/wither_skeleton                  10287       Xx_uwumaster_xX
killed/wolf                             122         UnethicalVoxel
killed/zoglin                           22          Bjorn_bernarsson
killed/zombie                           10892       toomuchtACKtical
killed/zombie_horse                     1           MarioFoli
killed/zombie_villager                  81          KoiWolf27
killed/zombified_piglin                 85972       SummersMoon
killed_by/armor_stand                   15          VooDooBR
killed_by/bee                           2           _ThebestJokker_, Suskang, SummersMoon
killed_by/blaze                         11          dabnation1232
killed_by/cave_spider                   14          Lifelexx
killed_by/creeper                       101         Unpaid_Animator
killed_by/dolphin                       1           ERROR, X_crusader, IcyToast713
killed_by/drowned                       18          DaRulerofDragons
killed_by/elder_guardian                103         Tod_NL
killed_by/ender_dragon                  4           Pulpoide
killed_by/enderman                      40          Suskang
killed_by/endermite                     136         c419
killed_by/evoker                        6           ilyRaven
killed_by/fox                           1           Ovalgoatkid, wsex
killed_by/ghast                         5           Wtnaut
killed_by/giant                         2           muzak23
killed_by/guardian                      20          Tod_NL
killed_by/hoglin                        28          Suskang
killed_by/husk                          24          Porknoodles_
killed_by/iron_golem                    87          Unpaid_Animator
killed_by/llama                         3           ERROR
killed_by/magma_cube                    15          Wtnaut
killed_by/panda                         2           ERROR
killed_by/phantom                       1           Unpaid_Animator
killed_by/piglin                        44          Suskang
killed_by/pillager                      8           RuanauR
killed_by/player                        1820        Suskang
killed_by/polar_bear                    3           VooDooBR, SummersMoon
killed_by/pufferfish                    5           Suskang, hypzee1
killed_by/ravager                       13          hypzee1
killed_by/shulker                       13          Tod_NL
killed_by/silverfish                    4           LakuTheDark
killed_by/skeleton                      165         Unpaid_Animator
killed_by/slime                         6           Unpaid_Animator
killed_by/spider                        34          Unpaid_Animator
killed_by/stray                         5           ERROR, TY_60
killed_by/trader_llama                  1           Lil_Siv, smxlbirb, Kalaconzti
killed_by/vex                           22          ilyRaven
killed_by/villager                      4           VooDooBR
killed_by/vindicator                    24          hypzee1
killed_by/witch                         8           Teiqonn
killed_by/wither                        32          wsex
killed_by/wither_skeleton               9           hypzee1
killed_by/wolf                          19          Suskang
killed_by/zoglin                        2           Hilton2198
killed_by/zombie                        193         Unpaid_Animator
killed_by/zombie_villager               11          fallingleaf271
killed_by/zombified_piglin              30          Unpaid_Animator
mined/acacia_button                     7           cfdlboi
mined/acacia_door                       21          Bunjjee
mined/acacia_fence                      96          ABlazingEBoy
mined/acacia_fence_gate                 18          sigma_turbine
mined/acacia_leaves                     2885        SummersMoon
mined/acacia_log                        271         Ovalgoatkid
mined/acacia_planks                     1129        sigma_turbine
mined/acacia_pressure_plate             9           mrtrooperman2005
mined/acacia_sapling                    110         Mobzillahz
mined/acacia_sign                       31          sigma_turbine
mined/acacia_slab                       233         _EunB_
mined/acacia_stairs                     272         sigma_turbine
mined/acacia_trapdoor                   37          Mini_B3C
mined/acacia_wall_sign                  138         sigma_turbine
mined/acacia_wood                       129         SE3dling
mined/activator_rail                    114         TheDoctor7562
mined/allium                            169         024CandyCane
mined/ancient_debris                    6211        Dankinese
mined/andesite                          141316      exgodstatus
mined/andesite_slab                     214         CR_O_WW
mined/andesite_stairs                   252         bella_puff
mined/andesite_wall                     112         Jamesfish
mined/anvil                             129         SE3dling, Wtnaut
mined/attached_melon_stem               139         Cooleo6453
mined/attached_pumpkin_stem             143         Dom_Dude
mined/azure_bluet                       221         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
mined/bamboo                            2254        confused_savior
mined/bamboo_sapling                    85          ERROR
mined/barrel                            820         exgodstatus
mined/basalt                            37236       anchovyy
mined/beacon                            89          LousySmousy
mined/bee_nest                          44          King_Lizzard
mined/beehive                           129         KoiWolf27
mined/beetroots                         8397        LazuliCrafter
mined/bell                              64          hypzee1
mined/birch_button                      73          BerriBoi
mined/birch_door                        47          Ham_Addict
mined/birch_fence                       198         024CandyCane
mined/birch_fence_gate                  45          Jamesfish
mined/birch_leaves                      2741        RandomDogs10
mined/birch_log                         981         RandomDogs10
mined/birch_planks                      2389        SummersMoon
mined/birch_pressure_plate              22          024CandyCane
mined/birch_sapling                     899         Tomiomii
mined/birch_sign                        338         DerEchteKroate
mined/birch_slab                        1131        _Dankk
mined/birch_stairs                      928         August1k
mined/birch_trapdoor                    122         keadd
mined/birch_wall_sign                   173         DerEchteKroate
mined/birch_wood                        162         cfdlboi
mined/black_banner                      15          Skizzili
mined/black_bed                         50          A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/black_carpet                      5931        ERROR
mined/black_concrete                    17759       EmeraldBokoblin
mined/black_concrete_powder             2668        sokang
mined/black_glazed_terracotta           203         GachiKiller
mined/black_shulker_box                 822         keadd
mined/black_stained_glass               20515       WinterStars
mined/black_stained_glass_pane          637         Wtnaut
mined/black_terracotta                  243         hypzee1
mined/black_wall_banner                 62          Skizzili
mined/black_wool                        1009        KVanilla1
mined/blackstone                        35204       EmeraldBokoblin
mined/blackstone_slab                   514         Ninobf
mined/blackstone_stairs                 275         OranggLad
mined/blackstone_wall                   703         Wesley2819
mined/blast_furnace                     126         SoySauceMatters
mined/blue_banner                       9           A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
mined/blue_bed                          151         Cyric01
mined/blue_carpet                       423         Mobzillahz
mined/blue_concrete                     4649        exgodstatus
mined/blue_concrete_powder              68          GavinS123
mined/blue_glazed_terracotta            242         Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/blue_ice                          5643        Skizzili
mined/blue_orchid                       84          Eshakur
mined/blue_shulker_box                  672         SE3dling
mined/blue_stained_glass                187         WinterStars
mined/blue_stained_glass_pane           203         Kuscerowski76
mined/blue_terracotta                   987         ERROR
mined/blue_wall_banner                  28          bluspectator
mined/blue_wool                         515         Cyric01
mined/bone_block                        1498        exgodstatus
mined/bookshelf                         2706        Tod_NL
mined/brain_coral                       21          Cyric01, sokang
mined/brain_coral_block                 225         sokang
mined/brain_coral_fan                   17          sokang
mined/brain_coral_wall_fan              143         sokang
mined/brewing_stand                     101         Wtnaut
mined/brick_slab                        248         Submadoge
mined/brick_stairs                      539         CheesyBaconBits
mined/brick_wall                        47          EmeraldBokoblin
mined/bricks                            2431        SummersMoon
mined/brown_banner                      6           Submadoge
mined/brown_bed                         22          SonOfDemise
mined/brown_carpet                      602         hypzee1
mined/brown_concrete                    913         __Carrot_
mined/brown_concrete_powder             41          KoiWolf27
mined/brown_glazed_terracotta           30          bluspectator
mined/brown_mushroom                    335         cheeeeca
mined/brown_mushroom_block              630         ERROR
mined/brown_shulker_box                 316         sokang
mined/brown_stained_glass               30          Wendigokage
mined/brown_stained_glass_pane          47          exgodstatus
mined/brown_terracotta                  8811        Vermox
mined/brown_wall_banner                 25          Submadoge
mined/brown_wool                        117         Balazs0718
mined/bubble_column                     3           mitchellpup
mined/bubble_coral                      27          Cyric01
mined/bubble_coral_block                246         Shonisaurus
mined/bubble_coral_fan                  18          sokang
mined/bubble_coral_wall_fan             131         sokang
mined/cactus                            649         Tomiomii
mined/cake                              52          ERROR
mined/campfire                          263         Shonisaurus
mined/carrots                           16500       Wesley2819
mined/cartography_table                 93          KoiWolf27
mined/carved_pumpkin                    474         hypzee1
mined/cauldron                          27          A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/chain                             103         KoiWolf27
mined/chest                             3508        WinterStars
mined/chipped_anvil                     74          TheDoctor7562
mined/chiseled_nether_bricks            97          flicck
mined/chiseled_polished_blackstone      900         Hobo_Joe2474
mined/chiseled_quartz_block             270         TheDoctor7562
mined/chiseled_red_sandstone            63          mitchellpup
mined/chiseled_sandstone                489         xegmaster
mined/chiseled_stone_bricks             307         dti131
mined/chorus_flower                     785         ERROR
mined/chorus_plant                      328         Draconix135
mined/clay                              5154        exgodstatus
mined/coal_block                        477         macaron_04
mined/coal_ore                          47791       exgodstatus
mined/coarse_dirt                       1297        Apertur
mined/cobblestone                       18773       dti131
mined/cobblestone_slab                  1746        Lass_E
mined/cobblestone_stairs                1025        CheesyBaconBits
mined/cobblestone_wall                  1212        xian2001
mined/cobweb                            2977        Tasty_Salt
mined/cocoa                             1703        exgodstatus
mined/comparator                        190         Wtnaut
mined/composter                         510         SoySauceMatters
mined/conduit                           7           KVanilla1
mined/cornflower                        317         SummersMoon
mined/cracked_nether_bricks             6           MrKidKeeb162
mined/cracked_polished_blackstone_bricks6544        IStubbedMyToe69
mined/cracked_stone_bricks              1327        WinterStars
mined/crafting_table                    1523        epter
mined/creeper_head                      8           WinterStars
mined/creeper_wall_head                 6           Skizzili
mined/crimson_button                    7159        Skizzili
mined/crimson_door                      10          Ninobf
mined/crimson_fence                     89          SummersMoon
mined/crimson_fence_gate                24          Tod_NL
mined/crimson_fungus                    85          Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/crimson_hyphae                    142         KVanilla1
mined/crimson_nylium                    11086       AM3N
mined/crimson_planks                    1264        exgodstatus
mined/crimson_pressure_plate            38          EmeraldBokoblin
mined/crimson_roots                     165         HaisaiOjisan
mined/crimson_sign                      60          Ovalgoatkid
mined/crimson_slab                      208         KoiWolf27
mined/crimson_stairs                    108         ThatGibusGuy
mined/crimson_stem                      440         hypzee1
mined/crimson_trapdoor                  174         KoiWolf27
mined/crimson_wall_sign                 99          exgodstatus
mined/crying_obsidian                   197         Tomiomii
mined/cut_red_sandstone                 223         Pulpoide
mined/cut_red_sandstone_slab            2           sokang
mined/cut_sandstone                     3180        A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
mined/cut_sandstone_slab                527         Wtnaut
mined/cyan_banner                       1           mrtrooperman2005, marlosheep, lilracky64, LousySmousy, GlitchedBean
mined/cyan_bed                          38          Ninobf
mined/cyan_carpet                       382         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/cyan_concrete                     1089        sokang
mined/cyan_concrete_powder              52          Lena_Milize
mined/cyan_glazed_terracotta            9           Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/cyan_shulker_box                  331         banana_pirate1
mined/cyan_stained_glass                578         Apertur
mined/cyan_stained_glass_pane           104         n1k0z
mined/cyan_terracotta                   682         Dasckepur
mined/cyan_wall_banner                  5           marlosheep
mined/cyan_wool                         322         gerbilcity
mined/damaged_anvil                     32          SE3dling
mined/dandelion                         1217        Skizzili
mined/dark_oak_button                   1625        AydenSWG
mined/dark_oak_door                     51          SlavaAyanamiRei
mined/dark_oak_fence                    567         KVanilla1
mined/dark_oak_fence_gate               282         hjoire69
mined/dark_oak_leaves                   4003        Hobo_Joe2474
mined/dark_oak_log                      3052        KVanilla1
mined/dark_oak_planks                   9319        Wtnaut
mined/dark_oak_pressure_plate           149         casm57
mined/dark_oak_sapling                  1604        Skizzili
mined/dark_oak_sign                     220         Wtnaut
mined/dark_oak_slab                     1972        arginve
mined/dark_oak_stairs                   3007        NicolBolas1232
mined/dark_oak_trapdoor                 941         Skizzili
mined/dark_oak_wall_sign                599         Wtnaut
mined/dark_oak_wood                     697         Skizzili
mined/dark_prismarine                   2564        Ninobf
mined/dark_prismarine_slab              282         cfdlboi
mined/dark_prismarine_stairs            438         KoiWolf27
mined/daylight_detector                 155         SummersMoon
mined/dead_brain_coral                  10          Cyric01
mined/dead_brain_coral_block            42          hypzee1
mined/dead_brain_coral_fan              5           forshale
mined/dead_bubble_coral                 10          Cyric01
mined/dead_bubble_coral_block           17          Xx_uwumaster_xX
mined/dead_bubble_coral_fan             16          forshale
mined/dead_bubble_coral_wall_fan        3           forshale
mined/dead_bush                         18020       A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
mined/dead_fire_coral                   28          Cyric01
mined/dead_fire_coral_block             33          dti131
mined/dead_fire_coral_fan               14          KVanilla1
mined/dead_horn_coral                   4           Cyric01
mined/dead_horn_coral_block             30          hypzee1
mined/dead_horn_coral_fan               7           KVanilla1
mined/dead_horn_coral_wall_fan          1           forshale
mined/dead_tube_coral                   15          Cyric01
mined/dead_tube_coral_block             42          Bunjjee
mined/dead_tube_coral_fan               3           forshale
mined/dead_tube_coral_wall_fan          2           Cyric01
mined/detector_rail                     119         Ham_Addict
mined/diamond_block                     2288        xegmaster
mined/diamond_ore                       4346        exgodstatus
mined/diorite                           133994      exgodstatus
mined/diorite_slab                      319         ERROR
mined/diorite_stairs                    104         Dasckepur
mined/diorite_wall                      163         KoiWolf27
mined/dirt                              247693      exgodstatus
mined/dispenser                         141         forshale
mined/dragon_head                       11          n1k0z
mined/dragon_wall_head                  145         Dasckepur
mined/dried_kelp_block                  171         KVanilla1
mined/dropper                           329         garfield_mc
mined/emerald_block                     2187        SummersMoon
mined/emerald_ore                       201         forshale
mined/enchanting_table                  48          Vlanzing
mined/end_rod                           641         A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/end_stone                         445284      WinterStars
mined/end_stone_brick_slab              195         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/end_stone_brick_stairs            527         SummersMoon
mined/end_stone_brick_wall              47          Wtnaut
mined/end_stone_bricks                  1643        Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/ender_chest                       683         ERROR
mined/farmland                          740         KoiWolf27
mined/fern                              520         Talvia
mined/fire                              1586        dti131
mined/fire_coral                        29          Cyric01
mined/fire_coral_block                  200         sokang
mined/fire_coral_fan                    16          sokang
mined/fire_coral_wall_fan               126         sokang
mined/fletching_table                   103         jonathanpie
mined/flower_pot                        44          SE3dling
mined/frosted_ice                       4998        5space
mined/furnace                           350         banana_pirate1
mined/gilded_blackstone                 406         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/glass                             3982        NicolBolas1232
mined/glass_pane                        1622        hypzee1
mined/glowstone                         2481        Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/gold_block                        5259        dti131
mined/gold_ore                          3257        cfdlboi
mined/granite                           132240      exgodstatus
mined/granite_slab                      136         Dankinese
mined/granite_stairs                    17          quarii00
mined/granite_wall                      378         ERROR
mined/grass                             6450        SummersMoon
mined/grass_block                       100010      exgodstatus
mined/grass_path                        1225        CheesyBaconBits
mined/gravel                            113620      exgodstatus
mined/gray_banner                       7           sigma_turbine
mined/gray_bed                          37          Popsicle_n
mined/gray_carpet                       324         hypzee1
mined/gray_concrete                     8037        Skizzili
mined/gray_concrete_powder              126         Nightmare0685
mined/gray_glazed_terracotta            78          cfdlboi
mined/gray_shulker_box                  292         jonathanpie
mined/gray_stained_glass                600         Apertur
mined/gray_stained_glass_pane           184         SummersMoon
mined/gray_terracotta                   390         hypzee1
mined/gray_wall_banner                  12          b3rryisdead
mined/gray_wool                         2521        dti131
mined/green_banner                      6           uR0bic
mined/green_bed                         20          Mobzillahz
mined/green_carpet                      268         Nightmare0685
mined/green_concrete                    826         __Carrot_
mined/green_concrete_powder             134         Wtnaut
mined/green_glazed_terracotta           13          Xx_uwumaster_xX
mined/green_shulker_box                 634         WinterStars
mined/green_stained_glass               1145        Dankinese
mined/green_stained_glass_pane          40          Skizzili
mined/green_terracotta                  169         Reilax
mined/green_wall_banner                 5           Crow_kun
mined/green_wool                        188         HexdePixel
mined/grindstone                        176         KVanilla1
mined/hay_block                         206         Mobzillahz
mined/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate     47          5space
mined/honey_block                       628         keadd
mined/honeycomb_block                   331         Jman_TheGamer
mined/hopper                            1815        Wtnaut
mined/horn_coral                        23          Cyric01
mined/horn_coral_block                  3190        exgodstatus
mined/horn_coral_fan                    17          Ham_Addict
mined/horn_coral_wall_fan               163         sokang
mined/ice                               19516       TheDoctor7562
mined/infested_chiseled_stone_bricks    1           mitchellpup, Nick_the_block, boudinthedog, Cat_Turret, TheNarwhalKing7
mined/infested_cobblestone              20          ThePorkMan
mined/infested_cracked_stone_bricks     24          Skizzili
mined/infested_mossy_stone_bricks       40          Skizzili
mined/infested_stone                    792         forshale
mined/infested_stone_bricks             265         WinterStars
mined/iron_bars                         841         SummersMoon
mined/iron_block                        4347        dti131
mined/iron_door                         124         SummersMoon
mined/iron_ore                          18928       exgodstatus
mined/iron_trapdoor                     370         Dasckepur
mined/jack_o_lantern                    703         Dankinese
mined/jukebox                           137         sokang
mined/jungle_button                     60          LimeishPingu
mined/jungle_door                       55          EZC69420
mined/jungle_fence                      1354        AtlanticRook89
mined/jungle_fence_gate                 80          Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/jungle_leaves                     1050        Mobzillahz
mined/jungle_log                        1895        AncientBlade
mined/jungle_planks                     1997        SummersMoon
mined/jungle_pressure_plate             14          Unpaid_Animator
mined/jungle_sapling                    610         LazuliCrafter
mined/jungle_sign                       41          Dasckepur
mined/jungle_slab                       391         LoomisFire
mined/jungle_stairs                     181         boiledsock
mined/jungle_trapdoor                   2504        Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/jungle_wall_sign                  192         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
mined/jungle_wood                       81          KoiWolf27
mined/kelp                              2253        exgodstatus
mined/kelp_plant                        6243        DaRulerofDragons
mined/ladder                            283         Itzhuffy
mined/lantern                           185         KoiWolf27
mined/lapis_block                       379         SE3dling
mined/lapis_ore                         2832        exgodstatus
mined/large_fern                        554         Submadoge
mined/lectern                           1332        Paskeltw8
mined/lever                             178         ERROR
mined/light_blue_banner                 13          AhFloorTentacle
mined/light_blue_bed                    137         Cyric01
mined/light_blue_carpet                 347         cfdlboi
mined/light_blue_concrete               3152        exgodstatus
mined/light_blue_concrete_powder        649         Wtnaut
mined/light_blue_glazed_terracotta      42          Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/light_blue_shulker_box            796         WinterStars
mined/light_blue_stained_glass          1014        melon_man4
mined/light_blue_stained_glass_pane     316         xegmaster
mined/light_blue_terracotta             1188        ERROR
mined/light_blue_wall_banner            26          SummersMoon
mined/light_blue_wool                   179         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/light_gray_banner                 4           Doomdegree25, Tomiomii
mined/light_gray_bed                    44          Popsicle_n
mined/light_gray_carpet                 422         Tasty_Salt
mined/light_gray_concrete               11379       EmeraldBokoblin
mined/light_gray_concrete_powder        182         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/light_gray_glazed_terracotta      358         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
mined/light_gray_shulker_box            543         exgodstatus
mined/light_gray_stained_glass          339         Xx_uwumaster_xX
mined/light_gray_stained_glass_pane     434         hypzee1
mined/light_gray_terracotta             3608        exgodstatus
mined/light_gray_wall_banner            8           TY_60, UnethicalVoxel
mined/light_gray_wool                   776         cheeeeca
mined/light_weighted_pressure_plate     272         hypzee1
mined/lilac                             105         024CandyCane
mined/lily_of_the_valley                79          sokang
mined/lily_pad                          298         Xx_uwumaster_xX
mined/lime_banner                       2           uR0bic, EGGMAN_scrambled, StepStool1, sokang
mined/lime_bed                          44          Skizzili
mined/lime_carpet                       871         Skizzili
mined/lime_concrete                     4443        Bunjjee
mined/lime_concrete_powder              123         IeatPlastic_420
mined/lime_glazed_terracotta            15          Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/lime_shulker_box                  473         SoySauceMatters
mined/lime_stained_glass                567         Dankinese
mined/lime_stained_glass_pane           135         exgodstatus
mined/lime_terracotta                   327         Popsicle_n
mined/lime_wall_banner                  8           Atomixx_125
mined/lime_wool                         880         MoldyPotatoMan
mined/lodestone                         12          KoiWolf27
mined/loom                              47          Dasckepur
mined/magenta_banner                    3           GoatTea, keadd
mined/magenta_bed                       25          anchovyy
mined/magenta_carpet                    353         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/magenta_concrete                  519         AncientBlade
mined/magenta_concrete_powder           92          _Dankk
mined/magenta_glazed_terracotta         20          Wtnaut
mined/magenta_shulker_box               554         WinterStars
mined/magenta_stained_glass             174         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/magenta_stained_glass_pane        17          Silloter
mined/magenta_terracotta                168         SummersMoon
mined/magenta_wall_banner               32          EcstaticLlama
mined/magenta_wool                      152         Pandallyy
mined/magma_block                       43833       SoySauceMatters
mined/melon                             99105       Kalaconzti
mined/melon_stem                        163         Boxybox1
mined/mossy_cobblestone                 665         3rr0rGh0st
mined/mossy_cobblestone_slab            28          AquamarineKiwi
mined/mossy_cobblestone_stairs          38          hypzee1
mined/mossy_cobblestone_wall            75          ERROR
mined/mossy_stone_brick_slab            176         keadd
mined/mossy_stone_brick_stairs          20          SoySauceMatters
mined/mossy_stone_brick_wall            6           keadd
mined/mossy_stone_bricks                2020        WinterStars
mined/mushroom_stem                     308         Wtnaut
mined/mycelium                          10249       WinterStars
mined/nether_brick_fence                219         EmeraldBokoblin
mined/nether_brick_slab                 311         77dErAnGeD77
mined/nether_brick_stairs               175         flicck
mined/nether_brick_wall                 429         flicck
mined/nether_bricks                     4579        Scytrogen
mined/nether_gold_ore                   8050        SoySauceMatters
mined/nether_quartz_ore                 48537       exgodstatus
mined/nether_sprouts                    203         SonOfDemise
mined/nether_wart                       6768        banana_pirate1
mined/nether_wart_block                 2388        Mobzillahz
mined/netherite_block                   922         Dankinese
mined/netherrack                        1076221     Dankinese
mined/note_block                        1477        sokang
mined/oak_button                        470         EmeraldBokoblin
mined/oak_door                          244         macgamin073
mined/oak_fence                         1190        exgodstatus
mined/oak_fence_gate                    130         hjoire69
mined/oak_leaves                        11315       SummersMoon
mined/oak_log                           5775        SummersMoon
mined/oak_planks                        4924        BlitzIR
mined/oak_pressure_plate                46          KoiWolf27
mined/oak_sapling                       1592        Tomiomii
mined/oak_sign                          282         KoiWolf27
mined/oak_slab                          2927        banana_pirate1
mined/oak_stairs                        1691        CheesyBaconBits
mined/oak_trapdoor                      581         CheesyBaconBits
mined/oak_wall_sign                     930         Wesley2819
mined/oak_wood                          1419        Paintgolin
mined/observer                          1220        KoiWolf27
mined/obsidian                          28167       Paskeltw8
mined/orange_banner                     4           FlynnFox01
mined/orange_bed                        100         A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/orange_carpet                     207         ERROR
mined/orange_concrete                   4162        __Carrot_
mined/orange_concrete_powder            21          ABlazingEBoy
mined/orange_glazed_terracotta          85          cfdlboi
mined/orange_shulker_box                633         WinterStars
mined/orange_stained_glass              55          SE3dling
mined/orange_stained_glass_pane         118         __Carrot_
mined/orange_terracotta                 6063        iiEthan
mined/orange_tulip                      157         Tasty_Salt
mined/orange_wall_banner                28          Ham_Addict
mined/orange_wool                       742         SIMPZE4T
mined/oxeye_daisy                       405         CheesyBaconBits
mined/packed_ice                        37255       TheDoctor7562
mined/peony                             236         LousySmousy
mined/pink_banner                       6           Pandallyy
mined/pink_bed                          141         AydenSWG
mined/pink_carpet                       102         Suzum3
mined/pink_concrete                     4790        _Dankk
mined/pink_concrete_powder              253         024CandyCane
mined/pink_glazed_terracotta            170         024CandyCane
mined/pink_shulker_box                  668         EmeraldBokoblin
mined/pink_stained_glass                1523        ERROR
mined/pink_stained_glass_pane           38          IeatPlastic_420
mined/pink_terracotta                   345         Esterie_Drizzle
mined/pink_tulip                        305         024CandyCane
mined/pink_wall_banner                  4           EnteiterTot, 024CandyCane, Fun4TheWholeFam, sircholera
mined/pink_wool                         155         Hilton2198
mined/piston                            949         KoiWolf27
mined/piston_head                       375         SoySauceMatters
mined/player_head                       17          Vermox
mined/player_wall_head                  7           A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/podzol                            6247        CheesyBaconBits
mined/polished_andesite                 3201        KoiWolf27
mined/polished_andesite_slab            3216        EmeraldBokoblin
mined/polished_andesite_stairs          174         Us1_Marc
mined/polished_basalt                   1192        KoiWolf27
mined/polished_blackstone               1243        HexdePixel
mined/polished_blackstone_brick_slab    1799        Dankinese
mined/polished_blackstone_brick_stairs  703         flicck
mined/polished_blackstone_brick_wall    270         keadd
mined/polished_blackstone_bricks        7287        IStubbedMyToe69
mined/polished_blackstone_button        29          SonOfDemise
mined/polished_blackstone_pressure_plate16          WinterStars
mined/polished_blackstone_slab          999         ERROR
mined/polished_blackstone_stairs        763         ERROR
mined/polished_blackstone_wall          417         EmeraldBokoblin
mined/polished_diorite                  811         ContrarianSon
mined/polished_diorite_slab             328         Strider314
mined/polished_diorite_stairs           136         EmeraldBokoblin
mined/polished_granite                  486         PiXleGhost
mined/polished_granite_slab             355         Jamesfish
mined/polished_granite_stairs           50          ERROR
mined/poppy                             1847        Skizzili
mined/potatoes                          21510       Wesley2819
mined/potted_acacia_sapling             2           macaron_04
mined/potted_allium                     38          024CandyCane
mined/potted_azure_bluet                4           Pandallyy
mined/potted_bamboo                     13          WinterStars
mined/potted_birch_sapling              3           truellomination
mined/potted_blue_orchid                6           KoiWolf27
mined/potted_brown_mushroom             1           _sinead, Actiov, lepek, undyne26
mined/potted_cactus                     19          Big_Tuna255
mined/potted_cornflower                 5           Deskfan91
mined/potted_crimson_fungus             1           ERROR, ERROR, ERROR, TY_60, Scgoodguy, ManOfBeans117, MUADMELTON, Bjorn_bernarsson, SunlightStreaks
mined/potted_crimson_roots              2           EmeraldBokoblin
mined/potted_dandelion                  4           H0000, supernova1054
mined/potted_dark_oak_sapling           3           Dasckepur
mined/potted_dead_bush                  10          Ido_mess
mined/potted_fern                       9           KoiWolf27
mined/potted_jungle_sapling             1           Bunjjee, _ThebestJokker_, CR_O_WW, Big_Tuna255, httpfroggy, MrKidKeeb
mined/potted_lily_of_the_valley         13          Pandallyy, MrKidKeeb
mined/potted_oak_sapling                5           Lemonleafff
mined/potted_orange_tulip               4           Froggy_Jaiden
mined/potted_oxeye_daisy                9           ERROR
mined/potted_pink_tulip                 28          CrystiePanda
mined/potted_poppy                      8           macaron_04
mined/potted_red_mushroom               2           immachrisyou, dabnation1232, KoiWolf27
mined/potted_red_tulip                  5           supernova1054
mined/potted_spruce_sapling             7           bunny96bunny
mined/potted_warped_fungus              2           ERROR, OdinoRaptor
mined/potted_warped_roots               4           EmeraldBokoblin
mined/potted_white_tulip                2           ERROR, Froggy_Jaiden, fZio, _OhNo1
mined/potted_wither_rose                4           c419
mined/powered_rail                      724         dti131
mined/prismarine                        6640        Dasckepur
mined/prismarine_brick_slab             147         AydenSWG
mined/prismarine_brick_stairs           88          PHANTOMN016
mined/prismarine_bricks                 6968        VooDooBR
mined/prismarine_slab                   208         Bomo
mined/prismarine_stairs                 22          PHANTOMN016
mined/prismarine_wall                   76          casm57
mined/pumpkin                           4355        ERROR
mined/pumpkin_stem                      63          Boxybox1
mined/purple_banner                     4           fish_with_thumbs
mined/purple_bed                        77          LimeishPingu
mined/purple_carpet                     238         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/purple_concrete                   1289        Skizzili
mined/purple_concrete_powder            5           AydenSWG
mined/purple_glazed_terracotta          64          LunarMare_
mined/purple_shulker_box                569         KoiWolf27
mined/purple_stained_glass              376         c419
mined/purple_stained_glass_pane         241         AhFloorTentacle
mined/purple_terracotta                 134         ERROR
mined/purple_wall_banner                9           Rocknlicorice
mined/purple_wool                       272         ConfusedAlibi
mined/purpur_block                      5993        Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/purpur_pillar                     1006        Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/purpur_slab                       142         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/purpur_stairs                     415         LittleCaesars_
mined/quartz_block                      1300        exgodstatus
mined/quartz_bricks                     1881        KoiWolf27
mined/quartz_pillar                     632         exgodstatus
mined/quartz_slab                       266         Wtnaut
mined/quartz_stairs                     814         HexdePixel
mined/rail                              3346        Unpaid_Animator
mined/red_banner                        13          BigJimmy32
mined/red_bed                           115         Cyric01
mined/red_carpet                        710         Dirtblock42
mined/red_concrete                      7454        Hobo_Joe2474
mined/red_concrete_powder               754         flicck
mined/red_glazed_terracotta             57          cfdlboi
mined/red_mushroom                      123         Reptilelord911
mined/red_mushroom_block                296         Strider314
mined/red_nether_brick_slab             293         banana_pirate1
mined/red_nether_brick_stairs           314         banana_pirate1
mined/red_nether_brick_wall             77          TheDoctor7562
mined/red_nether_bricks                 118         dti131
mined/red_sand                          10382       sigma_turbine
mined/red_sandstone                     118         Ham_Addict
mined/red_sandstone_slab                20          Shonisaurus
mined/red_sandstone_stairs              19          Shonisaurus, Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/red_sandstone_wall                40          EmeraldBokoblin
mined/red_shulker_box                   1432        WinterStars
mined/red_stained_glass                 2275        Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/red_stained_glass_pane            81          Gleg_03
mined/red_terracotta                    3752        sigma_turbine
mined/red_tulip                         177         httpfroggy
mined/red_wall_banner                   26          A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
mined/red_wool                          557         Grantalf
mined/redstone_block                    972         Dankinese
mined/redstone_lamp                     162         SummersMoon
mined/redstone_ore                      24479       exgodstatus
mined/redstone_torch                    1052        SoySauceMatters
mined/redstone_wall_torch               194         mitchellpup
mined/redstone_wire                     1453        ERROR
mined/repeater                          488         ERROR
mined/respawn_anchor                    9           garfield_mc
mined/rose_bush                         77          sokang
mined/sand                              306062      cfdlboi
mined/sandstone                         131318      SummersMoon
mined/sandstone_slab                    1131        bloodocean643
mined/sandstone_stairs                  1066        xegmaster
mined/sandstone_wall                    395         SummersMoon
mined/scaffolding                       7240        Shonisaurus
mined/sea_lantern                       384         ERROR
mined/sea_pickle                        357         hypzee1
mined/seagrass                          1645        sigma_turbine
mined/shroomlight                       700         KoiWolf27
mined/shulker_box                       3408        exgodstatus
mined/skeleton_skull                    12          cheeeeca
mined/skeleton_wall_skull               6           Skizzili
mined/slime_block                       1628        Dankinese
mined/smithing_table                    43          KoiWolf27
mined/smoker                            113         5space
mined/smooth_quartz                     954         Balankey
mined/smooth_quartz_slab                463         AncientBlade
mined/smooth_quartz_stairs              474         Nightmare0685
mined/smooth_red_sandstone              236         HexdePixel
mined/smooth_red_sandstone_slab         82          EmeraldBokoblin
mined/smooth_red_sandstone_stairs       68          Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/smooth_sandstone                  9131        Mobzillahz
mined/smooth_sandstone_slab             877         Mobzillahz
mined/smooth_sandstone_stairs           895         Mobzillahz
mined/smooth_stone                      8724        KVanilla1
mined/smooth_stone_slab                 3710        SummersMoon
mined/snow                              252800      sokang
mined/snow_block                        1241        Cyric01
mined/soul_campfire                     113         Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/soul_fire                         511         sokang
mined/soul_lantern                      63          ERROR
mined/soul_sand                         5076        Iron_Kid_1
mined/soul_soil                         5791        BlitzIR
mined/soul_torch                        72          Afkcyndiquil
mined/soul_wall_torch                   111         OdinoRaptor
mined/spawner                           49          EmeraldBokoblin, SoySauceMatters
mined/sponge                            7297        WinterStars
mined/spruce_button                     436         AydenSWG
mined/spruce_door                       395         JorgeLuis0205
mined/spruce_fence                      1573        EmeraldBokoblin
mined/spruce_fence_gate                 286         Iron_Kid_1
mined/spruce_leaves                     4983        ERROR
mined/spruce_log                        2847        CheesyBaconBits
mined/spruce_planks                     12398       KVanilla1
mined/spruce_pressure_plate             60          Phantom13578
mined/spruce_sapling                    3483        Dudefromafrica
mined/spruce_sign                       190         BlitzIR
mined/spruce_slab                       3524        CheesyBaconBits
mined/spruce_stairs                     5635        CheesyBaconBits
mined/spruce_trapdoor                   1262        CheesyBaconBits
mined/spruce_wall_sign                  377         AydenSWG
mined/spruce_wood                       379         ERROR
mined/sticky_piston                     473         Dankinese
mined/stone                             2664578     exgodstatus
mined/stone_brick_slab                  4774        Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/stone_brick_stairs                2976        CheesyBaconBits
mined/stone_brick_wall                  1264        SE3dling
mined/stone_bricks                      14762       exgodstatus
mined/stone_button                      165         SE3dling
mined/stone_pressure_plate              57          jonathanpie
mined/stone_slab                        2019        Tomiomii
mined/stone_stairs                      2342        SummersMoon
mined/stonecutter                       333         banana_pirate1
mined/stripped_acacia_log               871         _EunB_
mined/stripped_acacia_wood              213         Dasckepur
mined/stripped_birch_log                1073        CheesyBaconBits
mined/stripped_birch_wood               30          Black_Lord_, Ninobf, Frost_Maverick
mined/stripped_crimson_hyphae           1060        Reptilelord911
mined/stripped_crimson_stem             389         HexdePixel
mined/stripped_dark_oak_log             1040        sigma_turbine
mined/stripped_dark_oak_wood            106         confused_savior
mined/stripped_jungle_log               448         AncientBlade
mined/stripped_jungle_wood              690         EmeraldBokoblin
mined/stripped_oak_log                  954         CheesyBaconBits
mined/stripped_oak_wood                 158         Paintgolin
mined/stripped_spruce_log               2546        CheesyBaconBits
mined/stripped_spruce_wood              785         Dasckepur
mined/stripped_warped_hyphae            127         Bunjjee
mined/stripped_warped_stem              326         cfdlboi
mined/sugar_cane                        24704       cheeeeca
mined/sunflower                         270         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/sweet_berry_bush                  5821        nUlla_
mined/tall_grass                        3597        Skizzili
mined/tall_seagrass                     1065        Dasckepur
mined/target                            91          mitchellpup
mined/terracotta                        79179       exgodstatus
mined/tnt                               2211        SoySauceMatters
mined/torch                             4086        SokySergeant
mined/trapped_chest                     70          M1r7hful
mined/tripwire                          7127        exgodstatus
mined/tripwire_hook                     15          SE3dling, PlNEAPPLE
mined/tube_coral                        26          Bunjjee
mined/tube_coral_block                  212         sokang
mined/tube_coral_fan                    15          sokang
mined/tube_coral_wall_fan               129         sokang
mined/turtle_egg                        3010        ABlazingEBoy
mined/twisting_vines                    345         SoySauceMatters
mined/twisting_vines_plant              487         SoySauceMatters
mined/vine                              1262        pecca1
mined/wall_torch                        1433        SummersMoon
mined/warped_button                     3813        SummersMoon
mined/warped_door                       19          casm57
mined/warped_fence                      94          Bravo__
mined/warped_fence_gate                 199         EmeraldBokoblin
mined/warped_fungus                     178         Skizzili
mined/warped_hyphae                     63          garfield_mc
mined/warped_nylium                     6235        exgodstatus
mined/warped_planks                     961         Hobo_Joe2474
mined/warped_pressure_plate             5           nikkane
mined/warped_roots                      407         ERROR
mined/warped_sign                       33          sokang
mined/warped_slab                       183         Strider314
mined/warped_stairs                     360         Hobo_Joe2474
mined/warped_stem                       275         sokang
mined/warped_trapdoor                   319         LimeishPingu
mined/warped_wall_sign                  112         Tod_NL
mined/warped_wart_block                 1656        Mobzillahz
mined/weeping_vines                     247         sokang
mined/weeping_vines_plant               505         SilentTOILIT101
mined/wet_sponge                        7134        WinterStars
mined/wheat                             19555       Wesley2819
mined/white_banner                      243         101dal
mined/white_bed                         551         SoySauceMatters
mined/white_carpet                      1641        ERROR
mined/white_concrete                    24699       Dankinese
mined/white_concrete_powder             349         banana_pirate1
mined/white_glazed_terracotta           107         supernova1054
mined/white_shulker_box                 563         SE3dling
mined/white_stained_glass               1890        Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/white_stained_glass_pane          494         SummersMoon
mined/white_terracotta                  5577        AncientBlade
mined/white_tulip                       182         Tasty_Salt
mined/white_wall_banner                 172         Fun4TheWholeFam
mined/white_wool                        2369        KVanilla1
mined/wither_rose                       2071        LimeishPingu
mined/wither_skeleton_skull             31          Ido_mess
mined/wither_skeleton_wall_skull        44          Wtnaut
mined/yellow_banner                     6           ERROR
mined/yellow_bed                        59          anchovyy
mined/yellow_carpet                     1909        mitchellpup
mined/yellow_concrete                   1980        forshale
mined/yellow_concrete_powder            39          bella_puff
mined/yellow_glazed_terracotta          32          EmeraldBokoblin
mined/yellow_shulker_box                1480        SE3dling
mined/yellow_stained_glass              66          CheesyBaconBits
mined/yellow_stained_glass_pane         51          doggiewoofwoof
mined/yellow_terracotta                 2376        hypzee1
mined/yellow_wall_banner                7           Bunjjee
mined/yellow_wool                       390         ERROR
mined/zombie_head                       13          WinterStars
mined/zombie_wall_head                  5           Skizzili
picked_up/acacia_boat                   160         Ovalgoatkid
picked_up/acacia_button                 1298        FERRARI812A
picked_up/acacia_door                   82          Lrv_Dev
picked_up/acacia_fence                  132         Abe_n
picked_up/acacia_fence_gate             41          Doomdegree25
picked_up/acacia_leaves                 5996        Frioneon
picked_up/acacia_log                    4519        Ovalgoatkid
picked_up/acacia_planks                 10140       AlexaneL
picked_up/acacia_pressure_plate         19          A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
picked_up/acacia_sapling                4369        Ovalgoatkid
picked_up/acacia_sign                   194         sigma_turbine
picked_up/acacia_slab                   919         uoiauai
picked_up/acacia_stairs                 369         sigma_turbine
picked_up/acacia_trapdoor               127         Murdock_Redocchi
picked_up/acacia_wood                   51          SE3dling
picked_up/activator_rail                125         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/allium                        4168        Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/ancient_debris                6850        Dankinese
picked_up/andesite                      52617       ERROR
picked_up/andesite_slab                 747         see_the_stars
picked_up/andesite_stairs               2900        see_the_stars
picked_up/andesite_wall                 687         Lex_Nexus
picked_up/anvil                         345         SE3dling
picked_up/apple                         3127        WinterStars
picked_up/armor_stand                   145         bunny96bunny
picked_up/arrow                         13487       ERROR
picked_up/azure_bluet                   829         Xx_uwumaster_xX
picked_up/baked_potato                  7791        beanie_boi105
picked_up/bamboo                        32781       DaRulerofDragons
picked_up/barrel                        956         exgodstatus
picked_up/barrier                       1           Bomo
picked_up/basalt                        33603       flicck
picked_up/beacon                        228         WinterStars
picked_up/bedrock                       2           Bomo
picked_up/bee_nest                      43          King_Lizzard
picked_up/beef                          1473        _Boab
picked_up/beehive                       186         Dasckepur
picked_up/beetroot                      9517        LazuliCrafter
picked_up/beetroot_seeds                22996       LazuliCrafter
picked_up/beetroot_soup                 93          Froggy_Jaiden
picked_up/bell                          84          hypzee1
picked_up/birch_boat                    465         EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/birch_button                  144         Skizzili
picked_up/birch_door                    107         ZomTheZombie
picked_up/birch_fence                   494         TheDonDonDiggy
picked_up/birch_fence_gate              197         httpfroggy
picked_up/birch_leaves                  7902        Frioneon
picked_up/birch_log                     12438       RandomDogs10
picked_up/birch_planks                  5216        3nt1ty_3o3
picked_up/birch_pressure_plate          65          Ido_mess
picked_up/birch_sapling                 5198        RandomDogs10
picked_up/birch_sign                    524         DerEchteKroate
picked_up/birch_slab                    2782        xian2001
picked_up/birch_stairs                  1641        ornery_hog
picked_up/birch_trapdoor                493         xegmaster
picked_up/birch_wood                    444         Murdock_Redocchi
picked_up/black_banner                  83          Skizzili
picked_up/black_bed                     122         Suskang
picked_up/black_carpet                  26441       ERROR
picked_up/black_concrete                17857       EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/black_concrete_powder         47887       sokang
picked_up/black_dye                     3616        SummersMoon
picked_up/black_glazed_terracotta       395         GachiKiller
picked_up/black_shulker_box             831         keadd
picked_up/black_stained_glass           48148       WinterStars
picked_up/black_stained_glass_pane      919         WinterStars
picked_up/black_terracotta              2099        A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
picked_up/black_wool                    32216       ERROR
picked_up/blackstone                    39892       Dankinese
picked_up/blackstone_slab               603         flicck
picked_up/blackstone_stairs             270         OranggLad
picked_up/blackstone_wall               805         Wesley2819
picked_up/blast_furnace                 129         SoySauceMatters
picked_up/blaze_powder                  1258        BlitzIR
picked_up/blaze_rod                     2562        jonathanpie
picked_up/blue_banner                   33          bluspectator
picked_up/blue_bed                      157         Cyric01
picked_up/blue_carpet                   541         5space
picked_up/blue_concrete                 3584        exgodstatus
picked_up/blue_concrete_powder          6668        exgodstatus
picked_up/blue_dye                      649         5space
picked_up/blue_glazed_terracotta        324         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/blue_ice                      5867        Skizzili
picked_up/blue_orchid                   281         hypzee1
picked_up/blue_shulker_box              677         SE3dling
picked_up/blue_stained_glass            507         LimeishPingu
picked_up/blue_stained_glass_pane       558         LousySmousy
picked_up/blue_terracotta               3776        exgodstatus
picked_up/blue_wool                     3305        Cyric01
picked_up/bone                          163189      TheDoctor7562
picked_up/bone_block                    3832        cheeeeca
picked_up/bone_meal                     16133       cheeeeca
picked_up/book                          8911        Tod_NL
picked_up/bookshelf                     1217        KoiWolf27
picked_up/bow                           515         Spiceq
picked_up/bowl                          588         ERROR
picked_up/brain_coral                   362         sokang
picked_up/brain_coral_block             1377        sokang
picked_up/brain_coral_fan               1249        sokang
picked_up/bread                         3094        interdnet_pigeon
picked_up/brewing_stand                 131         Wtnaut
picked_up/brick                         2371        Apertur
picked_up/brick_slab                    289         Submadoge
picked_up/brick_stairs                  522         CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/brick_wall                    143         famskiis
picked_up/bricks                        2468        Wtnaut
picked_up/brown_banner                  33          Submadoge
picked_up/brown_bed                     41          SonOfDemise
picked_up/brown_carpet                  1129        A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/brown_concrete                1227        __Carrot_
picked_up/brown_concrete_powder         4229        exgodstatus
picked_up/brown_dye                     521         CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/brown_glazed_terracotta       105         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/brown_mushroom                1393        cheeeeca
picked_up/brown_mushroom_block          12107       casm57
picked_up/brown_shulker_box             317         sokang
picked_up/brown_stained_glass           70          sokang
picked_up/brown_stained_glass_pane      193         sokang
picked_up/brown_terracotta              17845       Tomiomii
picked_up/brown_wool                    12565       AncientBlade
picked_up/bubble_coral                  340         sokang
picked_up/bubble_coral_block            1422        sokang
picked_up/bubble_coral_fan              1302        sokang
picked_up/bucket                        458         hypzee1
picked_up/cactus                        1186406     Dankinese
picked_up/cake                          571         _Dankk
picked_up/campfire                      263         Shonisaurus
picked_up/carrot                        76418       SoySauceMatters
picked_up/carrot_on_a_stick             12          TortleDoge
picked_up/cartography_table             177         ERROR
picked_up/carved_pumpkin                564         hypzee1
picked_up/cauldron                      26          Dasckepur
picked_up/chain                         207         Bomo
picked_up/chainmail_boots               688         confused_savior
picked_up/chainmail_chestplate          29          BlueBear2000, Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/chainmail_helmet              940         confused_savior
picked_up/chainmail_leggings            447         confused_savior
picked_up/charcoal                      4739        Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/chest                         4487        exgodstatus
picked_up/chest_minecart                23          Suzum3
picked_up/chicken                       868         Dankinese
picked_up/chipped_anvil                 72          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/chiseled_nether_bricks        272         flicck
picked_up/chiseled_polished_blackstone  864         Hobo_Joe2474
picked_up/chiseled_quartz_block         111         Ham_Addict
picked_up/chiseled_red_sandstone        75          mitchellpup
picked_up/chiseled_sandstone            563         xegmaster
picked_up/chiseled_stone_bricks         1107        hypzee1
picked_up/chorus_flower                 973         ERROR
picked_up/chorus_fruit                  2683        Dasckepur
picked_up/clay                          12242       exgodstatus
picked_up/clay_ball                     18772       MartinTheMango26
picked_up/clock                         71          Porknoodles_, Crystalepicness
picked_up/coal                          49465       flicck
picked_up/coal_block                    2728        flicck
picked_up/coal_ore                      25209       ERROR
picked_up/coarse_dirt                   1672        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/cobblestone                   433379      WinterStars
picked_up/cobblestone_slab              7231        DaRulerofDragons
picked_up/cobblestone_stairs            2083        MrKidKeeb162
picked_up/cobblestone_wall              3554        xian2001
picked_up/cobweb                        3112        Tasty_Salt
picked_up/cocoa_beans                   5018        exgodstatus
picked_up/cod                           7385        casm57
picked_up/cod_bucket                    14          sokang
picked_up/comparator                    388         hypzee1
picked_up/compass                       833         exgodstatus
picked_up/composter                     522         SoySauceMatters
picked_up/conduit                       31          Hilton2198
picked_up/cooked_beef                   2616        SE3dling
picked_up/cooked_chicken                3057        Ido_mess
picked_up/cooked_cod                    3689        EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/cooked_mutton                 2070        sokang
picked_up/cooked_porkchop               10052       Dankinese
picked_up/cooked_rabbit                 279         sigma_turbine
picked_up/cooked_salmon                 243         ERROR
picked_up/cookie                        1740        httpfroggy
picked_up/cornflower                    2425        sigma_turbine
picked_up/cracked_nether_bricks         6           MrKidKeeb162
picked_up/cracked_polished_blackstone_bricks2558        Diamond_Miner317
picked_up/cracked_stone_bricks          3306        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/crafting_table                13840       epter
picked_up/creeper_banner_pattern        5           MrKidKeeb
picked_up/creeper_head                  33          ERROR
picked_up/creeper_spawn_egg             4           Cheese_Addict
picked_up/crimson_button                1155        SummersMoon
picked_up/crimson_door                  11          BlitzIR, Pandallyy
picked_up/crimson_fence                 128         b3rryisdead
picked_up/crimson_fence_gate            25          Tod_NL
picked_up/crimson_fungus                135         Ido_mess
picked_up/crimson_hyphae                1513        A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/crimson_nylium                9219        AM3N
picked_up/crimson_planks                5773        AlexaneL
picked_up/crimson_pressure_plate        35          EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/crimson_roots                 218         hypzee1
picked_up/crimson_sign                  190         exgodstatus, WinterStars
picked_up/crimson_slab                  1411        datbrrto11
picked_up/crimson_stairs                601         WinterStars
picked_up/crimson_stem                  4437        ERROR
picked_up/crimson_trapdoor              438         Dasckepur
picked_up/crossbow                      945         SE3dling
picked_up/crying_obsidian               1505        bunny96bunny
picked_up/cut_red_sandstone             210         Pulpoide
picked_up/cut_red_sandstone_slab        14          Ham_Addict
picked_up/cut_sandstone                 5654        Porknoodles_
picked_up/cut_sandstone_slab            588         Wtnaut
picked_up/cyan_banner                   6           marlosheep
picked_up/cyan_bed                      19          Michiel_2
picked_up/cyan_carpet                   633         Jman_TheGamer
picked_up/cyan_concrete                 644         Lena_Milize
picked_up/cyan_concrete_powder          22028       exgodstatus
picked_up/cyan_dye                      713         SE3dling
picked_up/cyan_glazed_terracotta        73          Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/cyan_shulker_box              332         banana_pirate1
picked_up/cyan_stained_glass            1588        Apertur
picked_up/cyan_stained_glass_pane       314         n1k0z
picked_up/cyan_terracotta               20270       _Dankk
picked_up/cyan_wool                     1287        EGGMAN_scrambled
picked_up/damaged_anvil                 32          SE3dling
picked_up/dandelion                     2950        flicck
picked_up/dark_oak_boat                 1029        Skizzili
picked_up/dark_oak_button               1241        AydenSWG
picked_up/dark_oak_door                 303         TheGBP_MC
picked_up/dark_oak_fence                988         jonathanpie
picked_up/dark_oak_fence_gate           413         hjoire69
picked_up/dark_oak_leaves               5149        hypzee1
picked_up/dark_oak_log                  44656       Wtnaut
picked_up/dark_oak_planks               14234       Wtnaut
picked_up/dark_oak_pressure_plate       192         kgkd
picked_up/dark_oak_sapling              4571        Skizzili
picked_up/dark_oak_sign                 1106        Wtnaut
picked_up/dark_oak_slab                 3258        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/dark_oak_stairs               4110        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/dark_oak_trapdoor             1173        exgodstatus
picked_up/dark_oak_wood                 721         Skizzili
picked_up/dark_prismarine               2872        Ninobf
picked_up/dark_prismarine_slab          566         banana_pirate1
picked_up/dark_prismarine_stairs        452         KoiWolf27
picked_up/daylight_detector             131         SummersMoon
picked_up/dead_brain_coral              13          Cyric01
picked_up/dead_brain_coral_block        63          hypzee1
picked_up/dead_brain_coral_fan          5           forshale, BodaciousCake
picked_up/dead_bubble_coral             14          Cyric01
picked_up/dead_bubble_coral_block       67          Shupple
picked_up/dead_bubble_coral_fan         19          forshale
picked_up/dead_bush                     20004       A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
picked_up/dead_fire_coral               37          Cyric01
picked_up/dead_fire_coral_block         36          CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/dead_fire_coral_fan           14          KVanilla1
picked_up/dead_horn_coral               5           Cyric01
picked_up/dead_horn_coral_block         3074        exgodstatus
picked_up/dead_horn_coral_fan           7           KVanilla1
picked_up/dead_tube_coral               19          Cyric01
picked_up/dead_tube_coral_block         41          Bunjjee
picked_up/dead_tube_coral_fan           3           forshale, BodaciousCake
picked_up/debug_stick                   1           muzak23
picked_up/detector_rail                 181         Wtnaut
picked_up/diamond                       10858       exgodstatus
picked_up/diamond_axe                   138         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/diamond_block                 10526       xegmaster
picked_up/diamond_boots                 170         WinterStars
picked_up/diamond_chestplate            116         WinterStars
picked_up/diamond_helmet                125         WinterStars
picked_up/diamond_hoe                   78          Wesley2819
picked_up/diamond_horse_armor           21          Skizzili
picked_up/diamond_leggings              180         WinterStars
picked_up/diamond_ore                   934         casm57
picked_up/diamond_pickaxe               254         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/diamond_shovel                125         Tod_NL
picked_up/diamond_sword                 280         Porknoodles_
picked_up/diorite                       49432       ERROR
picked_up/diorite_slab                  566         ERROR
picked_up/diorite_stairs                209         sigma_turbine
picked_up/diorite_wall                  217         KoiWolf27
picked_up/dirt                          437653      mitchellpup
picked_up/dispenser                     376         hypzee1
picked_up/dragon_breath                 1152        cheeeeca
picked_up/dragon_egg                    11          MarioFoli
picked_up/dragon_head                   149         Dasckepur
picked_up/dried_kelp                    9651        confused_savior
picked_up/dried_kelp_block              3596        AlliAndrew
picked_up/dropper                       2349        exgodstatus
picked_up/egg                           3889        Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/elytra                        342         WinterStars
picked_up/emerald                       21022       ERROR
picked_up/emerald_block                 4833        Wesley2819
picked_up/emerald_ore                   126         exgodstatus
picked_up/enchanted_book                3200        Tod_NL
picked_up/enchanted_golden_apple        196         iiEthan
picked_up/enchanting_table              48          Vlanzing
picked_up/end_crystal                   154         _Dankk
picked_up/end_rod                       2087        hypzee1
picked_up/end_stone                     479533      WinterStars
picked_up/end_stone_brick_slab          322         SE3dling
picked_up/end_stone_brick_stairs        745         SummersMoon
picked_up/end_stone_brick_wall          214         Wtnaut
picked_up/end_stone_bricks              2076        Wtnaut
picked_up/ender_chest                   1468        Xx_uwumaster_xX
picked_up/ender_eye                     220         Dasckepur
picked_up/ender_pearl                   23689       Riyo_
picked_up/experience_bottle             131         Strider314
picked_up/feather                       1446        Wtnaut
picked_up/fermented_spider_eye          442         cheeeeca
picked_up/fern                          1809        Submadoge
picked_up/filled_map                    1481        sigma_turbine
picked_up/fire_charge                   227         Dankinese
picked_up/fire_coral                    402         sokang
picked_up/fire_coral_block              1480        sokang
picked_up/fire_coral_fan                1294        sokang
picked_up/firework_rocket               19455       Tod_NL
picked_up/firework_star                 512         PiXleGhost
picked_up/fishing_rod                   55          KattyBat
picked_up/fletching_table               115         jonathanpie
picked_up/flint                         9907        SoySauceMatters
picked_up/flint_and_steel               129         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/flower_banner_pattern         19          bunny96bunny
picked_up/flower_pot                    99          024CandyCane
picked_up/furnace                       854         flicck
picked_up/furnace_minecart              23          Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/ghast_spawn_egg               70          Strider314
picked_up/ghast_tear                    865         _Dankk
picked_up/gilded_blackstone             853         Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/glass                         24630       jonathanpie
picked_up/glass_bottle                  2528        Dankinese
picked_up/glass_pane                    3181        hypzee1
picked_up/glistering_melon_slice        231         Driftsalad
picked_up/globe_banner_pattern          4           Strider314, MrKidKeeb
picked_up/glowstone                     3632        exgodstatus
picked_up/glowstone_dust                3323        SE3dling
picked_up/gold_block                    10092       cheeeeca
picked_up/gold_ingot                    7163        SoySauceMatters
picked_up/gold_nugget                   169471      xiaonoot
picked_up/gold_ore                      3406        cfdlboi
picked_up/golden_apple                  1896        AM3N
picked_up/golden_axe                    20          Lena_Milize
picked_up/golden_boots                  302         Despacito298
picked_up/golden_carrot                 5855        BasedArrow
picked_up/golden_chestplate             115         Wtnaut
picked_up/golden_helmet                 127         Wtnaut
picked_up/golden_hoe                    73          Suskang
picked_up/golden_horse_armor            87          Wtnaut
picked_up/golden_leggings               169         Suskang
picked_up/golden_pickaxe                28          Kalaconzti
picked_up/golden_shovel                 81          Tricamp_Steve
picked_up/golden_sword                  3509        Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/granite                       47158       ERROR
picked_up/granite_slab                  297         bunny96bunny
picked_up/granite_stairs                168         ERROR
picked_up/granite_wall                  295         ERROR
picked_up/grass                         4893        ERROR
picked_up/grass_block                   69697       Skizzili
picked_up/grass_path                    2           muzak23
picked_up/gravel                        107101      NicolBolas1232
picked_up/gray_banner                   45          b3rryisdead
picked_up/gray_bed                      37          Popsicle_n
picked_up/gray_carpet                   1284        ERROR
picked_up/gray_concrete                 11579       Suzum3
picked_up/gray_concrete_powder          17671       exgodstatus
picked_up/gray_dye                      1628        sigma_turbine
picked_up/gray_glazed_terracotta        78          cfdlboi
picked_up/gray_shulker_box              297         jonathanpie
picked_up/gray_stained_glass            1264        Ninobf
picked_up/gray_stained_glass_pane       647         EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/gray_terracotta               13633       Balazs0718
picked_up/gray_wool                     9670        ERROR
picked_up/green_banner                  12          uR0bic
picked_up/green_bed                     38          A4r4
picked_up/green_carpet                  616         Nightmare0685
picked_up/green_concrete                1679        __Carrot_
picked_up/green_concrete_powder         790         sigma_turbine
picked_up/green_dye                     25000       Dankinese
picked_up/green_glazed_terracotta       70          Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/green_shulker_box             648         WinterStars
picked_up/green_stained_glass           727         Dankinese
picked_up/green_stained_glass_pane      176         sokang
picked_up/green_terracotta              7750        exgodstatus
picked_up/green_wool                    1843        OutdatedFaber
picked_up/grindstone                    178         KVanilla1
picked_up/gunpowder                     520544      IeatPlastic_420
picked_up/hay_block                     652         henhenplayz
picked_up/heart_of_the_sea              26          flicck
picked_up/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate 417         5space
picked_up/honey_block                   3569        Dankinese
picked_up/honey_bottle                  1680        Dankinese
picked_up/honeycomb                     16143       Suskang
picked_up/honeycomb_block               3275        TheDoctor7562
picked_up/hopper                        3738        Wtnaut
picked_up/hopper_minecart               20          EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/horn_coral                    360         sokang
picked_up/horn_coral_block              1427        sokang
picked_up/horn_coral_fan                1457        sokang
picked_up/horse_spawn_egg               1           muzak23
picked_up/ice                           16941       TheDoctor7562
picked_up/ink_sac                       4017        Lena_Milize
picked_up/iron_axe                      714         SE3dling
picked_up/iron_bars                     1286        SummersMoon
picked_up/iron_block                    5463        dti131
picked_up/iron_boots                    301         Suskang
picked_up/iron_chestplate               317         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/iron_door                     123         SummersMoon
picked_up/iron_helmet                   185         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/iron_hoe                      78          DaRulerofDragons
picked_up/iron_horse_armor              50          Wtnaut
picked_up/iron_ingot                    27548       ERROR
picked_up/iron_leggings                 266         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/iron_nugget                   2099        ERROR
picked_up/iron_ore                      11576       Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/iron_pickaxe                  390         _sinead
picked_up/iron_shovel                   199         Lemonleafff
picked_up/iron_sword                    406         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/iron_trapdoor                 476         Ninobf
picked_up/item_frame                    1308        Wtnaut
picked_up/jack_o_lantern                734         Dankinese
picked_up/jukebox                       137         sokang
picked_up/jungle_boat                   286         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
picked_up/jungle_button                 370         Dankinese
picked_up/jungle_door                   98          EZC69420
picked_up/jungle_fence                  1275        AtlanticRook89
picked_up/jungle_fence_gate             106         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/jungle_leaves                 2277        EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/jungle_log                    44166       LazuliCrafter
picked_up/jungle_planks                 11505       Huaqin
picked_up/jungle_pressure_plate         20          Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/jungle_sapling                3792        LazuliCrafter
picked_up/jungle_sign                   462         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
picked_up/jungle_slab                   4179        LoomisFire
picked_up/jungle_stairs                 334         boiledsock
picked_up/jungle_trapdoor               2739        Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/jungle_wood                   401         exgodstatus
picked_up/kelp                          98572       sigma_turbine
picked_up/ladder                        3058        Crystalepicness
picked_up/lantern                       2071        Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/lapis_block                   2322        exgodstatus
picked_up/lapis_lazuli                  9126        SE3dling
picked_up/lapis_ore                     1015        ERROR
picked_up/large_fern                    6           TheGirlYouForgot
picked_up/lava_bucket                   86          hypzee1
picked_up/lead                          411         hypzee1
picked_up/leather                       2576        Dankinese
picked_up/leather_boots                 93          Suskang
picked_up/leather_chestplate            42          Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/leather_helmet                191         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/leather_horse_armor           16          Vermox
picked_up/leather_leggings              70          Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/lectern                       1507        Paskeltw8
picked_up/lever                         1023        Huaqin
picked_up/light_blue_banner             61          bella_puff
picked_up/light_blue_bed                159         Cyric01
picked_up/light_blue_carpet             583         VTD
picked_up/light_blue_concrete           4070        SokySergeant
picked_up/light_blue_concrete_powder    20103       _Dankk
picked_up/light_blue_dye                873         cfdlboi
picked_up/light_blue_glazed_terracotta  126         GlitchedBean
picked_up/light_blue_shulker_box        811         WinterStars
picked_up/light_blue_stained_glass      756         Michiel_2
picked_up/light_blue_stained_glass_pane 842         EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/light_blue_terracotta         12976       exgodstatus
picked_up/light_blue_wool               5770        cfdlboi
picked_up/light_gray_banner             116         Lena_Milize
picked_up/light_gray_bed                1002        Suskang
picked_up/light_gray_carpet             858         Ovalgoatkid
picked_up/light_gray_concrete           11270       EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/light_gray_concrete_powder    8134        interdnet_pigeon
picked_up/light_gray_dye                830         hypzee1
picked_up/light_gray_glazed_terracotta  349         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
picked_up/light_gray_shulker_box        550         exgodstatus
picked_up/light_gray_stained_glass      874         IeatPlastic_420
picked_up/light_gray_stained_glass_pane 1533        hypzee1
picked_up/light_gray_terracotta         5117        exgodstatus
picked_up/light_gray_wool               9423        SummersMoon
picked_up/light_weighted_pressure_plate 5956        SummersMoon
picked_up/lilac                         620         Wizgoa
picked_up/lily_of_the_valley            784         sigma_turbine
picked_up/lily_pad                      724         Bwirzburger
picked_up/lime_banner                   9           Atomixx_125
picked_up/lime_bed                      75          Skizzili
picked_up/lime_carpet                   1117        Skizzili
picked_up/lime_concrete                 4135        Bunjjee
picked_up/lime_concrete_powder          540         IeatPlastic_420
picked_up/lime_dye                      358         BlahBlah________
picked_up/lime_glazed_terracotta        79          Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/lime_shulker_box              481         SoySauceMatters
picked_up/lime_stained_glass            696         Dankinese
picked_up/lime_stained_glass_pane       548         wsex
picked_up/lime_terracotta               2112        exgodstatus
picked_up/lime_wool                     1425        EGGMAN_scrambled
picked_up/lingering_potion              5           Vilhu
picked_up/lodestone                     12          exgodstatus, KoiWolf27
picked_up/loom                          68          Dasckepur
picked_up/magenta_banner                56          ERROR
picked_up/magenta_bed                   272         Suskang
picked_up/magenta_carpet                363         Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/magenta_concrete              489         AncientBlade
picked_up/magenta_concrete_powder       192         CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/magenta_dye                   308         CoraB2004
picked_up/magenta_glazed_terracotta     200         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/magenta_shulker_box           562         WinterStars
picked_up/magenta_stained_glass         93          LittleCaesars_
picked_up/magenta_stained_glass_pane    192         sokang
picked_up/magenta_terracotta            898         exgodstatus
picked_up/magenta_wool                  1673        Suskang
picked_up/magma_block                   52455       SoySauceMatters
picked_up/magma_cream                   411         iiEthan
picked_up/map                           299         exgodstatus
picked_up/melon                         99050       Kalaconzti
picked_up/melon_seeds                   3068        Despacito298
picked_up/melon_slice                   261077      ERROR
picked_up/milk_bucket                   222         hypzee1
picked_up/minecart                      1274        Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/mojang_banner_pattern         4           MrKidKeeb
picked_up/mossy_cobblestone             1393        3rr0rGh0st
picked_up/mossy_cobblestone_slab        53          LaylaLily_
picked_up/mossy_cobblestone_stairs      47          LaylaLily_
picked_up/mossy_cobblestone_wall        173         ERROR
picked_up/mossy_stone_brick_slab        191         keadd
picked_up/mossy_stone_brick_stairs      71          SoySauceMatters
picked_up/mossy_stone_brick_wall        6           keadd
picked_up/mossy_stone_bricks            2040        flicck
picked_up/mushroom_stem                 1995        casm57
picked_up/mushroom_stew                 139         Moose_Toast
picked_up/music_disc_11                 72          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_13                 82          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_blocks             80          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_cat                87          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_chirp              113         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_far                70          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_mall               185         Ovalgoatkid
picked_up/music_disc_mellohi            87          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_pigstep            168         exgodstatus
picked_up/music_disc_stal               117         VTD
picked_up/music_disc_strad              93          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_wait               58          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_ward               75          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/mutton                        417         casm57
picked_up/mycelium                      9296        WinterStars
picked_up/name_tag                      396         hypzee1
picked_up/nautilus_shell                48          MartinTheMango26, keadd
picked_up/nether_brick                  24775       flicck
picked_up/nether_brick_fence            195         EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/nether_brick_slab             849         BlitzIR
picked_up/nether_brick_stairs           310         Less2do
picked_up/nether_brick_wall             419         flicck
picked_up/nether_bricks                 4233        flicck
picked_up/nether_gold_ore               1924        cfdlboi
picked_up/nether_quartz_ore             46282       exgodstatus
picked_up/nether_sprouts                66          Tod_NL
picked_up/nether_star                   303         Xx_uwumaster_xX
picked_up/nether_wart                   19886       banana_pirate1
picked_up/nether_wart_block             12068       Cyric01
picked_up/netherite_axe                 210         hypzee1
picked_up/netherite_block               1113        Dankinese
picked_up/netherite_boots               188         hypzee1
picked_up/netherite_chestplate          115         SE3dling
picked_up/netherite_helmet              176         hypzee1
picked_up/netherite_hoe                 36          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/netherite_ingot               438         SoySauceMatters
picked_up/netherite_leggings            182         hypzee1
picked_up/netherite_pickaxe             255         A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/netherite_scrap               3079        SoySauceMatters
picked_up/netherite_shovel              155         hypzee1
picked_up/netherite_sword               311         _Dankk
picked_up/netherrack                    255451      SoySauceMatters
picked_up/note_block                    1584        sokang
picked_up/oak_boat                      1390        Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/oak_button                    652         SummersMoon
picked_up/oak_door                      1272        Dankinese
picked_up/oak_fence                     2186        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/oak_fence_gate                120         hjoire69
picked_up/oak_leaves                    13530       Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/oak_log                       22742       SoySauceMatters
picked_up/oak_planks                    22058       xian2001
picked_up/oak_pressure_plate            148         CT475
picked_up/oak_sapling                   10147       xian2001
picked_up/oak_sign                      1774        Wesley2819
picked_up/oak_slab                      6258        xian2001
picked_up/oak_stairs                    3378        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/oak_trapdoor                  1286        see_the_stars
picked_up/oak_wood                      2328        Paintgolin
picked_up/observer                      1491        KoiWolf27
picked_up/obsidian                      29202       Paskeltw8
picked_up/orange_banner                 36          Ham_Addict
picked_up/orange_bed                    149         Jman_TheGamer
picked_up/orange_carpet                 3218        A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/orange_concrete               8171        __Carrot_
picked_up/orange_concrete_powder        2434        sigma_turbine
picked_up/orange_dye                    877         __Carrot_
picked_up/orange_glazed_terracotta      85          cfdlboi
picked_up/orange_shulker_box            645         WinterStars
picked_up/orange_stained_glass          449         Cipicao
picked_up/orange_stained_glass_pane     1801        __Carrot_
picked_up/orange_terracotta             6274        iiEthan
picked_up/orange_tulip                  205         DaRulerofDragons
picked_up/orange_wool                   802         SIMPZE4T
picked_up/oxeye_daisy                   847         Xx_uwumaster_xX
picked_up/packed_ice                    33225       EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/painting                      307         ChadThunderous26
picked_up/paper                         5739        cheeeeca
picked_up/peony                         6006        anchovyy
picked_up/petrified_oak_slab            1           xiaonoot
picked_up/phantom_membrane              223         Dankinese
picked_up/pig_spawn_egg                 13          MarioFoli
picked_up/piglin_banner_pattern         10          A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/pink_banner                   13          024CandyCane
picked_up/pink_bed                      141         AydenSWG
picked_up/pink_carpet                   320         Ovalgoatkid
picked_up/pink_concrete                 8560        _Dankk
picked_up/pink_concrete_powder          12187       _Dankk
picked_up/pink_dye                      7745        VooDooBR
picked_up/pink_glazed_terracotta        171         024CandyCane
picked_up/pink_shulker_box              693         EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/pink_stained_glass            76878       ERROR
picked_up/pink_stained_glass_pane       176         sokang
picked_up/pink_terracotta               1569        exgodstatus
picked_up/pink_tulip                    748         CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/pink_wool                     1164        Hilton2198
picked_up/piston                        1214        KoiWolf27
picked_up/player_head                   21          Vermox
picked_up/podzol                        1491        tm33
picked_up/poisonous_potato              482         Wesley2819
picked_up/polished_andesite             8863        jonathanpie
picked_up/polished_andesite_slab        3597        EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/polished_andesite_stairs      1661        see_the_stars
picked_up/polished_basalt               7472        Suskang
picked_up/polished_blackstone           2353        see_the_stars
picked_up/polished_blackstone_brick_slab1943        Dankinese
picked_up/polished_blackstone_brick_stairs1834        flicck
picked_up/polished_blackstone_brick_wall261         keadd
picked_up/polished_blackstone_bricks    5892        Diamond_Miner317
picked_up/polished_blackstone_button    126         SonOfDemise
picked_up/polished_blackstone_pressure_plate96          see_the_stars
picked_up/polished_blackstone_slab      2900        see_the_stars
picked_up/polished_blackstone_stairs    1162        ERROR
picked_up/polished_blackstone_wall      1305        flicck
picked_up/polished_diorite              2189        Crystalepicness
picked_up/polished_diorite_slab         903         _Boab
picked_up/polished_diorite_stairs       305         Pulpoide
picked_up/polished_granite              846         ERROR
picked_up/polished_granite_slab         319         Jamesfish
picked_up/polished_granite_stairs       411         Incaninja23
picked_up/popped_chorus_fruit           362         SE3dling
picked_up/poppy                         14925       flicck
picked_up/porkchop                      3295        Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/potato                        76895       Wesley2819
picked_up/potion                        2654        cheeeeca
picked_up/powered_rail                  3555        LakuTheDark
picked_up/prismarine                    5574        VooDooBR
picked_up/prismarine_brick_slab         213         SonOfDemise
picked_up/prismarine_brick_stairs       131         YoshKnight
picked_up/prismarine_bricks             7280        VooDooBR
picked_up/prismarine_crystals           15088       casm57
picked_up/prismarine_shard              21746       casm57
picked_up/prismarine_slab               265         Bomo
picked_up/prismarine_stairs             22          PHANTOMN016
picked_up/prismarine_wall               803         casm57
picked_up/pufferfish                    179         sokang
picked_up/pufferfish_bucket             25          Cheese_Addict
picked_up/pumpkin                       77559       ERROR
picked_up/pumpkin_pie                   2374        ZachIsEpic
picked_up/pumpkin_seeds                 3319        hypzee1
picked_up/purple_banner                 19          EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/purple_bed                    69          Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/purple_carpet                 279         Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/purple_concrete               1287        Skizzili
picked_up/purple_concrete_powder        256         SAMSkywolker
picked_up/purple_dye                    643         PiXleGhost
picked_up/purple_glazed_terracotta      141         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/purple_shulker_box            572         KoiWolf27
picked_up/purple_stained_glass          1573        PiXleGhost
picked_up/purple_stained_glass_pane     326         bella_puff
picked_up/purple_terracotta             4269        Balazs0718
picked_up/purple_wool                   708         ConfusedAlibi
picked_up/purpur_block                  5715        Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/purpur_pillar                 854         Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/purpur_slab                   136         Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/purpur_stairs                 413         LittleCaesars_
picked_up/quartz                        63962       exgodstatus
picked_up/quartz_block                  3526        exgodstatus
picked_up/quartz_bricks                 2015        Balankey
picked_up/quartz_pillar                 831         CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/quartz_slab                   1137        SonOfDemise
picked_up/quartz_stairs                 849         HexdePixel
picked_up/rabbit                        291         sigma_turbine
picked_up/rabbit_foot                   843         Dankinese
picked_up/rabbit_hide                   952         Dankinese
picked_up/rabbit_stew                   33          LazuliCrafter
picked_up/rail                          9272        hypzee1
picked_up/red_banner                    43          A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
picked_up/red_bed                       123         Cyric01
picked_up/red_carpet                    1099        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/red_concrete                  6490        Hobo_Joe2474
picked_up/red_concrete_powder           22221       flicck
picked_up/red_dye                       5159        flicck
picked_up/red_glazed_terracotta         107         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/red_mushroom                  419         Strider314
picked_up/red_mushroom_block            4938        HyperGamer3500
picked_up/red_nether_brick_slab         380         banana_pirate1
picked_up/red_nether_brick_stairs       343         banana_pirate1
picked_up/red_nether_brick_wall         65          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/red_nether_bricks             290         Bwirzburger
picked_up/red_sand                      12512       sigma_turbine
picked_up/red_sandstone                 134         Ninobf
picked_up/red_sandstone_slab            24          Shonisaurus
picked_up/red_sandstone_stairs          28          Murdock_Redocchi
picked_up/red_sandstone_wall            36          EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/red_shulker_box               1436        WinterStars
picked_up/red_stained_glass             2533        Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/red_stained_glass_pane        192         sokang
picked_up/red_terracotta                4260        mitchellpup
picked_up/red_tulip                     502         sigma_turbine
picked_up/red_wool                      2299        Portapig
picked_up/redstone                      30618       exgodstatus
picked_up/redstone_block                4806        Lena_Milize
picked_up/redstone_lamp                 181         banana_pirate1
picked_up/redstone_ore                  5156        ERROR
picked_up/redstone_torch                1522        SoySauceMatters
picked_up/repeater                      1058        n1k0z
picked_up/respawn_anchor                9           Suskang, garfield_mc
picked_up/rose_bush                     2514        flicck
picked_up/rotten_flesh                  29117       Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/saddle                        734         SE3dling
picked_up/salmon                        752         Kalaconzti
picked_up/salmon_bucket                 11          ERROR, IStubbedMyToe69
picked_up/sand                          1145308     JorgeLuis0205
picked_up/sandstone                     88978       Mobzillahz
picked_up/sandstone_slab                1183        exgodstatus
picked_up/sandstone_stairs              1146        SummersMoon
picked_up/sandstone_wall                464         SummersMoon
picked_up/scaffolding                   9243        ERROR
picked_up/scute                         120         Suskang
picked_up/sea_lantern                   4713        Lena_Milize
picked_up/sea_pickle                    7699        Skizzili
picked_up/seagrass                      2283        sigma_turbine
picked_up/shears                        395         SonOfDemise
picked_up/shield                        392         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/shroomlight                   1842        Skizzili
picked_up/shulker_box                   3667        exgodstatus
picked_up/shulker_shell                 2210        Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/skeleton_skull                46          ERROR
picked_up/skull_banner_pattern          7           flicck
picked_up/slime_ball                    11587       Dankinese
picked_up/slime_block                   3166        Dankinese
picked_up/smithing_table                43          KoiWolf27
picked_up/smoker                        113         5space
picked_up/smooth_quartz                 2160        Balankey
picked_up/smooth_quartz_slab            960         n1k0z
picked_up/smooth_quartz_stairs          670         Nightmare0685
picked_up/smooth_red_sandstone          398         hypzee1
picked_up/smooth_red_sandstone_slab     119         EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/smooth_red_sandstone_stairs   66          Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/smooth_sandstone              39276       ERROR
picked_up/smooth_sandstone_slab         1233        Mobzillahz
picked_up/smooth_sandstone_stairs       1024        Mobzillahz
picked_up/smooth_stone                  36268       exgodstatus
picked_up/smooth_stone_slab             6202        exgodstatus
picked_up/snow                          29288       KoiWolf27
picked_up/snow_block                    3407        Murdock_Redocchi
picked_up/snowball                      36894       miloFTW
picked_up/soul_campfire                 140         longtimesunshine
picked_up/soul_lantern                  135         ERROR
picked_up/soul_sand                     7635        Iron_Kid_1
picked_up/soul_soil                     6977        Submadoge
picked_up/soul_torch                    245         Murdock_Redocchi
picked_up/spectral_arrow                1634        Tod_NL
picked_up/spider_eye                    3192        exgodstatus
picked_up/splash_potion                 842         cheeeeca
picked_up/sponge                        7581        WinterStars
picked_up/spruce_boat                   1138        Tod_NL
picked_up/spruce_button                 1073        AydenSWG
picked_up/spruce_door                   528         JorgeLuis0205
picked_up/spruce_fence                  2079        sokang
picked_up/spruce_fence_gate             1894        Iron_Kid_1
picked_up/spruce_leaves                 38829       Xx_uwumaster_xX
picked_up/spruce_log                    118765      Xx_uwumaster_xX
picked_up/spruce_planks                 21149       Michiel_2
picked_up/spruce_pressure_plate         127         ERROR
picked_up/spruce_sapling                13374       Ido_mess
picked_up/spruce_sign                   1059        Tod_NL
picked_up/spruce_slab                   6148        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/spruce_stairs                 7042        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/spruce_trapdoor               6006        jonathanpie
picked_up/spruce_wood                   594         ERROR
picked_up/stick                         51658       jonathanpie
picked_up/sticky_piston                 961         ERROR
picked_up/stone                         1066558     exgodstatus
picked_up/stone_axe                     295         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/stone_brick_slab              8625        ERROR
picked_up/stone_brick_stairs            4840        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/stone_brick_wall              1421        SE3dling
picked_up/stone_bricks                  20773       CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/stone_button                  1682        HyperGamer3500
picked_up/stone_hoe                     108         LJScraft
picked_up/stone_pickaxe                 481         LakuTheDark
picked_up/stone_pressure_plate          585         SoySauceMatters
picked_up/stone_shovel                  218         xian2001
picked_up/stone_slab                    3327        archerhead
picked_up/stone_stairs                  3919        see_the_stars
picked_up/stone_sword                   365         exgodstatus
picked_up/stonecutter                   344         banana_pirate1
picked_up/string                        21827       ERROR
picked_up/stripped_acacia_log           873         _EunB_
picked_up/stripped_acacia_wood          213         Dasckepur
picked_up/stripped_birch_log            1703        Esterie_Drizzle
picked_up/stripped_birch_wood           48          CrystiePanda
picked_up/stripped_crimson_hyphae       1185        Reptilelord911
picked_up/stripped_crimson_stem         389         HexdePixel
picked_up/stripped_dark_oak_log         1422        Shonisaurus
picked_up/stripped_dark_oak_wood        106         confused_savior
picked_up/stripped_jungle_log           448         AncientBlade
picked_up/stripped_jungle_wood          690         EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/stripped_oak_log              1720        Lemonleafff
picked_up/stripped_oak_wood             182         Paintgolin
picked_up/stripped_spruce_log           2616        CheesyBaconBits
picked_up/stripped_spruce_wood          837         Dasckepur
picked_up/stripped_warped_hyphae        127         Bunjjee
picked_up/stripped_warped_stem          333         cfdlboi
picked_up/sugar                         5043        VTD
picked_up/sugar_cane                    60737       cheeeeca
picked_up/sunflower                     1935        AydenSWG
picked_up/suspicious_stew               33          zuwert
picked_up/sweet_berries                 23527       BoxBlink
picked_up/tall_grass                    4           Zac20611, Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/target                        208         mitchellpup
picked_up/terracotta                    77254       exgodstatus
picked_up/tipped_arrow                  978         fallingleaf271
picked_up/tnt                           15873       ERROR
picked_up/tnt_minecart                  1           TortleDoge, Agent256, Suzum3
picked_up/torch                         10390       SummersMoon
picked_up/totem_of_undying              1755        SE3dling
picked_up/trapped_chest                 70          M1r7hful
picked_up/trident                       88          hypzee1
picked_up/tripwire_hook                 36          Rawkoer
picked_up/tropical_fish                 74          ERROR
picked_up/tropical_fish_bucket          18          Esterie_Drizzle
picked_up/tube_coral                    419         sokang
picked_up/tube_coral_block              1428        sokang
picked_up/tube_coral_fan                1423        sokang
picked_up/turtle_egg                    3014        ABlazingEBoy
picked_up/turtle_helmet                 41          ERROR
picked_up/twisting_vines                1153        Ch0nker_
picked_up/vine                          1257        pecca1
picked_up/warped_button                 3607        SummersMoon
picked_up/warped_door                   126         Suskang
picked_up/warped_fence                  140         Stepbro485
picked_up/warped_fence_gate             195         EmeraldBokoblin
picked_up/warped_fungus                 1197        Crystalepicness
picked_up/warped_fungus_on_a_stick      15          TortleDoge
picked_up/warped_hyphae                 2480        Balazs0718
picked_up/warped_nylium                 9467        exgodstatus
picked_up/warped_planks                 1283        exgodstatus
picked_up/warped_pressure_plate         5           nikkane
picked_up/warped_roots                  1696        Skizzili
picked_up/warped_sign                   153         Tod_NL
picked_up/warped_slab                   514         ContrarianSon
picked_up/warped_stairs                 358         Hobo_Joe2474
picked_up/warped_stem                   6045        Skizzili
picked_up/warped_trapdoor               263         EcstaticLlama
picked_up/warped_wart_block             33521       Skizzili
picked_up/water_bucket                  473         Unpaid_Animator
picked_up/weeping_vines                 1945        SilentTOILIT101
picked_up/wet_sponge                    7365        WinterStars
picked_up/wheat                         19910       DaRulerofDragons
picked_up/wheat_seeds                   56845       SE3dling
picked_up/white_banner                  1779        SE3dling
picked_up/white_bed                     869         Suskang
picked_up/white_carpet                  5268        ERROR
picked_up/white_concrete                31257       Dankinese
picked_up/white_concrete_powder         12975       sokang
picked_up/white_dye                     5831        Lemonhoneyy
picked_up/white_glazed_terracotta       125         AlliAndrew
picked_up/white_shulker_box             590         SE3dling
picked_up/white_stained_glass           2443        LimeishPingu
picked_up/white_stained_glass_pane      869         casm57
picked_up/white_terracotta              5653        AncientBlade
picked_up/white_tulip                   255         DaRulerofDragons
picked_up/white_wool                    32219       ERROR
picked_up/wither_rose                   27867       exgodstatus
picked_up/wither_skeleton_skull         519         Xx_uwumaster_xX
picked_up/wooden_axe                    84          Lena_Milize
picked_up/wooden_hoe                    65          DarkSteele3
picked_up/wooden_pickaxe                68          xian2001
picked_up/wooden_shovel                 88          Wesley2819
picked_up/wooden_sword                  437         SummersMoon
picked_up/writable_book                 126         sentinelgamerz
picked_up/written_book                  255         Suskang
picked_up/yellow_banner                 21          garfield_mc
picked_up/yellow_bed                    57          anchovyy
picked_up/yellow_carpet                 2317        mitchellpup
picked_up/yellow_concrete               914         YummyPizzaGuy
picked_up/yellow_concrete_powder        1897        forshale
picked_up/yellow_dye                    384         Suskang
picked_up/yellow_glazed_terracotta      213         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/yellow_shulker_box            1491        SE3dling
picked_up/yellow_stained_glass          89          sokang
picked_up/yellow_stained_glass_pane     160         sokang
picked_up/yellow_terracotta             2966        hypzee1
picked_up/yellow_wool                   4127        Fun4TheWholeFam
picked_up/zombie_head                   46          ERROR
picked_up/zombified_piglin_spawn_egg    2           TheDoctor7562
used/acacia_boat                        174         Ovalgoatkid
used/acacia_button                      90          cfdlboi, Abe_n
used/acacia_door                        46          ABlazingEBoy
used/acacia_fence                       1484        ABlazingEBoy
used/acacia_fence_gate                  66          Hobo_Joe2474
used/acacia_leaves                      2228        SummersMoon
used/acacia_log                         920         _EunB_
used/acacia_planks                      9752        sigma_turbine
used/acacia_pressure_plate              19          sigma_turbine
used/acacia_sapling                     196         Kalaconzti
used/acacia_sign                        347         sigma_turbine
used/acacia_slab                        4015        ABlazingEBoy
used/acacia_stairs                      2299        ABlazingEBoy
used/acacia_trapdoor                    568         Xx_uwumaster_xX
used/acacia_wood                        263         Dasckepur
used/activator_rail                     298         exgodstatus
used/allium                             131         DaRulerofDragons
used/ancient_debris                     184         VTD
used/andesite                           7656        forshale
used/andesite_slab                      1596        CR_O_WW
used/andesite_stairs                    1770        bella_puff
used/andesite_wall                      2942        EmeraldBokoblin
used/anvil                              305         SE3dling
used/apple                              556         Brainytigy
used/armor_stand                        135         bunny96bunny
used/azure_bluet                        58          PlNEAPPLE
used/baked_potato                       6157        LimeishPingu
used/bamboo                             2096        Grizzlees
used/barrel                             8058        exgodstatus
used/barrier                            1482        muzak23
used/basalt                             4139        _OhNo1
used/bat_spawn_egg                      2           iiEthan
used/beacon                             238         Xx_uwumaster_xX
used/bedrock                            441         Cheese_Addict
used/bee_nest                           32          King_Lizzard
used/bee_spawn_egg                      80          Cheese_Addict
used/beef                               244         Miisk
used/beehive                            340         DaRulerofDragons
used/beetroot                           207         dabnation1232
used/beetroot_seeds                     8691        LazuliCrafter
used/beetroot_soup                      37          YmaOrEggShell
used/bell                               67          hypzee1
used/birch_boat                         460         EmeraldBokoblin
used/birch_button                       1480        OpticsVision
used/birch_door                         68          HexdePixel
used/birch_fence                        868         palm2v
used/birch_fence_gate                   213         httpfroggy
used/birch_leaves                       2185        RandomDogs10
used/birch_log                          7651        RandomDogs10
used/birch_planks                       8103        exgodstatus
used/birch_pressure_plate               65          Ido_mess
used/birch_sapling                      446         IceRice
used/birch_sign                         555         DerEchteKroate
used/birch_slab                         2202        OpticsVision
used/birch_stairs                       1347        024CandyCane
used/birch_trapdoor                     574         Mutterycutlery
used/birch_wood                         361         Grantalf
used/black_banner                       209         EmeraldBokoblin
used/black_bed                          118         TheDoctor7562
used/black_carpet                       42831       AydenSWG
used/black_concrete                     17239       EmeraldBokoblin
used/black_concrete_powder              54035       exgodstatus
used/black_glazed_terracotta            267         GachiKiller
used/black_shulker_box                  822         keadd
used/black_stained_glass                110341      WinterStars
used/black_stained_glass_pane           4231        EmeraldBokoblin
used/black_terracotta                   2702        hypzee1
used/black_wool                         13251       dti131
used/blackstone                         13323       Bomo
used/blackstone_slab                    1267        casm57
used/blackstone_stairs                  999         Cheese_Addict
used/blackstone_wall                    876         Wtnaut
used/blast_furnace                      274         exgodstatus
used/blaze_spawn_egg                    2           ABlazingEBoy
used/blue_banner                        51          bluspectator
used/blue_bed                           209         bluspectator
used/blue_carpet                        13665       5space
used/blue_concrete                      4489        exgodstatus
used/blue_concrete_powder               5991        exgodstatus
used/blue_glazed_terracotta             807         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/blue_ice                           5777        Skizzili
used/blue_orchid                        134         hypzee1
used/blue_shulker_box                   675         SE3dling
used/blue_stained_glass                 7034        sokang
used/blue_stained_glass_pane            1576        Fun4TheWholeFam
used/blue_terracotta                    11925       5space
used/blue_wool                          1533        Paskeltw8
used/bone_block                         2342        EmeraldBokoblin
used/bone_meal                          5346        flicck
used/bookshelf                          2728        Tod_NL
used/bow                                21758       sigma_turbine
used/brain_coral                        8           Bunjjee
used/brain_coral_block                  64          Shonisaurus
used/brain_coral_fan                    22          Bunjjee
used/bread                              1637        banana_pirate1
used/brewing_stand                      117         sigma_turbine
used/brick_slab                         1570        exgodstatus
used/brick_stairs                       1902        EmeraldBokoblin
used/brick_wall                         1832        EmeraldBokoblin
used/bricks                             19597       EmeraldBokoblin
used/brown_banner                       55          Submadoge
used/brown_bed                          114         SonOfDemise
used/brown_carpet                       4968        hypzee1
used/brown_concrete                     770         __Carrot_
used/brown_concrete_powder              10049       exgodstatus
used/brown_glazed_terracotta            116         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/brown_mushroom                     75          SummersMoon
used/brown_mushroom_block               9007        casm57
used/brown_shulker_box                  319         sokang
used/brown_stained_glass                228         Fun4TheWholeFam
used/brown_stained_glass_pane           65          exgodstatus
used/brown_terracotta                   9319        exgodstatus
used/brown_wool                         4744        Balazs0718
used/bubble_coral                       6           Cyric01
used/bubble_coral_block                 246         Shonisaurus
used/bubble_coral_fan                   30          Bunjjee
used/bucket                             11769       _Kadora_
used/cactus                             10523       Dankinese
used/cake                               356         yaxley_peaks
used/campfire                           511         Shonisaurus
used/carrot                             17344       Wesley2819
used/carrot_on_a_stick                  582         hypzee1
used/cartography_table                  98          KoiWolf27
used/carved_pumpkin                     73          bunny96bunny
used/cat_spawn_egg                      229         muzak23
used/cauldron                           73          Dasckepur
used/cave_spider_spawn_egg              1           muzak23
used/chain                              784         hypzee1
used/chest                              7980        WinterStars
used/chest_minecart                     89          Wtnaut
used/chicken                            64          LEBthepleb
used/chicken_spawn_egg                  59          thex23
used/chipped_anvil                      68          TheDoctor7562
used/chiseled_nether_bricks             450         flicck
used/chiseled_polished_blackstone       1353        Hobo_Joe2474
used/chiseled_quartz_block              504         Ham_Addict
used/chiseled_red_sandstone             264         sigma_turbine
used/chiseled_sandstone                 800         Mobzillahz
used/chiseled_stone_bricks              2722        Skizzili
used/chorus_flower                      973         ERROR
used/chorus_fruit                       1740        Dasckepur
used/chorus_plant                       60          MarioFoli
used/clay                               5484        exgodstatus
used/coal_block                         589         LousySmousy
used/coal_ore                           12259       flicck
used/coarse_dirt                        2647        ERROR
used/cobblestone                        45134       dti131
used/cobblestone_slab                   25568       WinterStars
used/cobblestone_stairs                 2680        Salty_May0
used/cobblestone_wall                   1548        dti131
used/cobweb                             2950        Tasty_Salt
used/cocoa_beans                        1959        exgodstatus
used/cod                                641         casm57
used/cod_bucket                         78          LazuliCrafter
used/cod_spawn_egg                      3           Cheese_Addict
used/comparator                         433         Wtnaut
used/compass                            108         A_Hundred_Ninjas
used/composter                          516         SoySauceMatters
used/conduit                            9           KVanilla1
used/cooked_beef                        2982        Vermox
used/cooked_chicken                     6213        A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
used/cooked_cod                         2384        5space
used/cooked_mutton                      1081        sokang
used/cooked_porkchop                    11850       EmeraldBokoblin
used/cooked_rabbit                      81          Dankinese
used/cooked_salmon                      191         JorgeLuis0205
used/cookie                             520         fallingleaf271
used/cornflower                         105         Hobo_Joe2474
used/cow_spawn_egg                      37          Cheese_Addict
used/cracked_nether_bricks              12          MrKidKeeb162
used/cracked_polished_blackstone_bricks 1678        EmeraldBokoblin
used/cracked_stone_bricks               1831        CheesyBaconBits
used/crafting_table                     4773        Barneytogo
used/creeper_head                       9           sokang
used/creeper_spawn_egg                  16          Cheese_Addict
used/crimson_button                     3839        pseudoname23
used/crimson_door                       32          SokySergeant
used/crimson_fence                      382         keadd
used/crimson_fence_gate                 44          Tod_NL
used/crimson_fungus                     52          hypzee1
used/crimson_hyphae                     1367        LoomisFire
used/crimson_nylium                     7886        iiEthan
used/crimson_planks                     2361        Cheese_Addict
used/crimson_pressure_plate             71          EmeraldBokoblin
used/crimson_roots                      33          Shonisaurus
used/crimson_sign                       228         WinterStars
used/crimson_slab                       2547        Dasckepur
used/crimson_stairs                     708         ThatGibusGuy
used/crimson_stem                       2588        WinterStars
used/crimson_trapdoor                   390         Ninobf
used/crossbow                           1200        Cheese_Addict
used/crying_obsidian                    457         flicck
used/cut_red_sandstone                  1545        sigma_turbine
used/cut_red_sandstone_slab             47          MarioFoli
used/cut_sandstone                      16825       A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
used/cut_sandstone_slab                 800         Wtnaut
used/cyan_banner                        6           marlosheep
used/cyan_bed                           45          SonOfDemise
used/cyan_carpet                        2372        sigma_turbine
used/cyan_concrete                      980         sokang
used/cyan_concrete_powder               11591       exgodstatus
used/cyan_glazed_terracotta             101         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/cyan_shulker_box                   331         banana_pirate1
used/cyan_stained_glass                 32390       Apertur
used/cyan_stained_glass_pane            5258        n1k0z
used/cyan_terracotta                    17078       exgodstatus
used/cyan_wool                          3087        Bjorn_bernarsson
used/damaged_anvil                      32          SE3dling
used/dandelion                          83          Diamond_Miner317
used/dark_oak_boat                      794         Skizzili
used/dark_oak_button                    2191        banana_pirate1
used/dark_oak_door                      276         exgodstatus
used/dark_oak_fence                     1788        sigma_turbine
used/dark_oak_fence_gate                2207        Ninobf
used/dark_oak_leaves                    3222        Skizzili
used/dark_oak_log                       11515       sigma_turbine
used/dark_oak_planks                    51715       Wtnaut
used/dark_oak_pressure_plate            154         casm57
used/dark_oak_sapling                   804         Unpaid_Animator
used/dark_oak_sign                      1817        Wtnaut
used/dark_oak_slab                      10919       Silloter
used/dark_oak_stairs                    4699        CheesyBaconBits
used/dark_oak_trapdoor                  6997        Skizzili
used/dark_oak_wood                      3866        Skizzili
used/dark_prismarine                    3294        Ninobf
used/dark_prismarine_slab               3974        banana_pirate1
used/dark_prismarine_stairs             3174        KVanilla1
used/daylight_detector                  221         Fun4TheWholeFam
used/dead_brain_coral                   7           Cyric01
used/dead_brain_coral_block             39          hypzee1
used/dead_brain_coral_fan               1           Us1_Marc
used/dead_bubble_coral                  6           Cyric01
used/dead_bubble_coral_block            18          Xx_uwumaster_xX
used/dead_bubble_coral_fan              2           forshale
used/dead_bush                          255         Fun4TheWholeFam
used/dead_fire_coral                    19          Cyric01
used/dead_fire_coral_block              23          _EunB_
used/dead_fire_coral_fan                1           Xx_uwumaster_xX
used/dead_horn_coral                    3           Cyric01
used/dead_horn_coral_block              2712        exgodstatus
used/dead_horn_coral_fan                1           Cyric01, Ham_Addict
used/dead_tube_coral                    11          Cyric01
used/dead_tube_coral_block              39          Bunjjee
used/dead_tube_coral_fan                1           Xx_uwumaster_xX
used/debug_stick                        142         muzak23
used/detector_rail                      282         Ham_Addict
used/diamond_axe                        102339      Kalaconzti
used/diamond_block                      2341        xegmaster
used/diamond_hoe                        14352       WinterStars
used/diamond_ore                        914         casm57
used/diamond_pickaxe                    511628      LimeishPingu
used/diamond_shovel                     248320      WinterStars
used/diamond_sword                      23948       Tod_NL
used/diorite                            21493       iiEthan
used/diorite_slab                       3427        ERROR
used/diorite_stairs                     630         Ninobf
used/diorite_wall                       1209        Ninobf
used/dirt                               47242       ERROR
used/dispenser                          243         EmeraldBokoblin
used/dolphin_spawn_egg                  105         Cheese_Addict
used/donkey_spawn_egg                   3           Cheese_Addict
used/dragon_egg                         2           MarioFoli
used/dragon_head                        56          AM3N
used/dried_kelp                         650         TatoMato
used/dried_kelp_block                   195         banana_pirate1
used/dropper                            2367        garfield_mc
used/drowned_spawn_egg                  6           Dasckepur
used/egg                                3750        Stepbro485
used/elder_guardian_spawn_egg           1           ABlazingEBoy, iiEthan, Dasckepur
used/emerald_block                      2788        exgodstatus
used/emerald_ore                        96          forshale
used/enchanted_golden_apple             2           PiXleGhost, cfdlboi
used/enchanting_table                   49          Vlanzing
used/end_crystal                        64          Skizzili
used/end_portal_frame                   31          muzak23
used/end_rod                            1223        hypzee1
used/end_stone                          326786      WinterStars
used/end_stone_brick_slab               3228        SE3dling
used/end_stone_brick_stairs             935         SummersMoon
used/end_stone_brick_wall               570         WinterStars
used/end_stone_bricks                   10828       WinterStars
used/ender_chest                        681         ERROR
used/ender_eye                          125         Paskeltw8
used/ender_pearl                        2117        _Dankk
used/enderman_spawn_egg                 40          Cheese_Addict
used/endermite_spawn_egg                5           Vilhu
used/experience_bottle                  2061        ABlazingEBoy
used/farmland                           5           Dasckepur
used/fern                               555         Submadoge
used/filled_map                         19          Wtnaut
used/fire_charge                        160         garfield_mc
used/fire_coral                         10          Cyric01
used/fire_coral_block                   49          dti131
used/fire_coral_fan                     27          wes00chin
used/firework_rocket                    2175        Suskang
used/fishing_rod                        2279        SoySauceMatters
used/fletching_table                    103         jonathanpie
used/flint_and_steel                    1706        dti131
used/flower_pot                         187         Dasckepur
used/fox_spawn_egg                      8           Cheese_Addict
used/furnace                            573         PHANTOMN016
used/furnace_minecart                   40          TortleDoge
used/ghast_spawn_egg                    1           ERROR, MarioFoli, muzak23, Strider314, iiEthan
used/gilded_blackstone                  431         Wtnaut
used/glass                              27732       NicolBolas1232
used/glass_bottle                       2819        Suskang
used/glass_pane                         5337        hypzee1
used/glowstone                          1545        EmeraldBokoblin
used/gold_block                         8655        __Carrot_
used/gold_ore                           91          SilentTOILIT101
used/golden_apple                       1085        _Dankk
used/golden_axe                         9046        exgodstatus
used/golden_carrot                      7714        SoySauceMatters
used/golden_hoe                         241         interdnet_pigeon
used/golden_pickaxe                     1712        hypzee1
used/golden_shovel                      1801        Tricamp_Steve
used/golden_sword                       10004       __Carrot_
used/granite                            4619        DerEchteKroate
used/granite_slab                       1587        Skizzili
used/granite_stairs                     247         EmeraldBokoblin
used/granite_wall                       1073        bluspectator
used/grass                              614         SummersMoon
used/grass_block                        52476       Skizzili
used/grass_path                         342         ABlazingEBoy
used/gravel                             95161       NicolBolas1232
used/gray_banner                        13          b3rryisdead
used/gray_bed                           63          CoraB2004
used/gray_carpet                        7070        5space
used/gray_concrete                      7828        Skizzili
used/gray_concrete_powder               49228       exgodstatus
used/gray_glazed_terracotta             311         cfdlboi
used/gray_shulker_box                   293         jonathanpie
used/gray_stained_glass                 28160       Apertur
used/gray_stained_glass_pane            3410        EmeraldBokoblin
used/gray_terracotta                    30776       exgodstatus
used/gray_wool                          23450       dti131
used/green_banner                       21          uR0bic
used/green_bed                          56          Boxybox1
used/green_carpet                       2878        5space
used/green_concrete                     1499        __Carrot_
used/green_concrete_powder              1229        __Carrot_
used/green_glazed_terracotta            104         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/green_shulker_box                  634         WinterStars
used/green_stained_glass                2105        Dankinese
used/green_stained_glass_pane           210         SummersMoon
used/green_terracotta                   9619        exgodstatus
used/green_wool                         1613        OutdatedFaber
used/grindstone                         174         KVanilla1
used/guardian_spawn_egg                 2           Cheese_Addict
used/hay_block                          459         sokang
used/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate      5480        5space
used/hoglin_spawn_egg                   1           iiEthan
used/honey_block                        966         SonOfDemise
used/honey_bottle                       440         ERROR
used/honeycomb_block                    1826        OverseerVault32
used/hopper                             3295        Wtnaut
used/hopper_minecart                    205         VTD
used/horn_coral                         6           MrPotat8os
used/horn_coral_block                   93          ERROR
used/horn_coral_fan                     22          Ham_Addict
used/horse_spawn_egg                    41          MarioFoli
used/husk_spawn_egg                     132         Cheese_Addict
used/ice                                11034       TheDoctor7562
used/infested_cobblestone               128         MarioFoli
used/infested_mossy_stone_bricks        7           MarioFoli
used/infested_stone_bricks              141         MarioFoli
used/iron_axe                           11707       CheesyBaconBits
used/iron_bars                          2454        EmeraldBokoblin
used/iron_block                         5329        exgodstatus
used/iron_door                          179         exgodstatus
used/iron_hoe                           4311        salL0r_M00n
used/iron_ore                           288         macaron_04
used/iron_pickaxe                       97414       SoySauceMatters
used/iron_shovel                        33432       miloFTW
used/iron_sword                         6905        Unpaid_Animator
used/iron_trapdoor                      1426        Ninobf
used/item_frame                         2940        MarioFoli
used/jack_o_lantern                     1040        Dankinese
used/jukebox                            138         sokang
used/jungle_boat                        330         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
used/jungle_button                      1857        WinterStars
used/jungle_door                        69          EZC69420
used/jungle_fence                       1627        Huaqin
used/jungle_fence_gate                  510         hypzee1
used/jungle_leaves                      627         WinterStars
used/jungle_log                         1350        LaylaLily_
used/jungle_planks                      36509       Huaqin
used/jungle_pressure_plate              25          Unpaid_Animator
used/jungle_sapling                     495         Huaqin
used/jungle_sign                        575         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
used/jungle_slab                        21240       LoomisFire
used/jungle_stairs                      502         boiledsock
used/jungle_trapdoor                    6324        Bjorn_bernarsson
used/jungle_wood                        2139        exgodstatus
used/kelp                               2241        Popsicle_n
used/ladder                             1192        SummersMoon
used/lantern                            1698        ABlazingEBoy
used/lapis_block                        932         exgodstatus
used/lapis_ore                          604         KoiWolf27
used/large_fern                         2           ERROR, HyperGamer3500
used/lava_bucket                        1939        Aelram
used/lead                               45          Skipperone
used/lectern                            1388        Paskeltw8
used/lever                              804         Dankinese
used/light_blue_banner                  90          AhFloorTentacle
used/light_blue_bed                     142         Cyric01
used/light_blue_carpet                  16487       VTD
used/light_blue_concrete                2441        cheeeeca
used/light_blue_concrete_powder         13384       exgodstatus
used/light_blue_glazed_terracotta       151         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/light_blue_shulker_box             796         WinterStars
used/light_blue_stained_glass           8146        Dankinese
used/light_blue_stained_glass_pane      2317        EmeraldBokoblin
used/light_blue_terracotta              14785       exgodstatus
used/light_blue_wool                    1161        Paskeltw8
used/light_gray_banner                  21          UnethicalVoxel
used/light_gray_bed                     50          Popsicle_n
used/light_gray_carpet                  6405        Mobzillahz
used/light_gray_concrete                9607        EmeraldBokoblin
used/light_gray_concrete_powder         8091        exgodstatus
used/light_gray_glazed_terracotta       360         A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
used/light_gray_shulker_box             549         exgodstatus
used/light_gray_stained_glass           9111        Xx_uwumaster_xX
used/light_gray_stained_glass_pane      2112        hypzee1
used/light_gray_terracotta              8095        exgodstatus
used/light_gray_wool                    4959        SummersMoon
used/light_weighted_pressure_plate      15644       SummersMoon
used/lilac                              543         Wizgoa
used/lily_of_the_valley                 27          dabnation1232
used/lime_banner                        13          Atomixx_125
used/lime_bed                           44          Skizzili
used/lime_carpet                        7517        Skizzili
used/lime_concrete                      4042        Bunjjee
used/lime_concrete_powder               2366        Bunjjee
used/lime_glazed_terracotta             114         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/lime_shulker_box                   473         SoySauceMatters
used/lime_stained_glass                 1788        Dankinese
used/lime_stained_glass_pane            199         SE3dling
used/lime_terracotta                    10046       Popsicle_n
used/lime_wool                          4072        Bjorn_bernarsson
used/lingering_potion                   830         muzak23
used/lodestone                          13          KoiWolf27
used/loom                               399         Dasckepur
used/magenta_banner                     15          Cyric01
used/magenta_bed                        100         Suskang
used/magenta_carpet                     584         YummyPizzaGuy
used/magenta_concrete                   140         CoraB2004
used/magenta_concrete_powder            3420        _Dankk
used/magenta_glazed_terracotta          104         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/magenta_shulker_box                554         WinterStars
used/magenta_stained_glass              880         EmeraldBokoblin
used/magenta_stained_glass_pane         52          SummersMoon
used/magenta_terracotta                 2056        exgodstatus
used/magenta_wool                       777         StuffyTy
used/magma_block                        36966       SoySauceMatters
used/map                                400         exgodstatus
used/melon                              23996       Fun4TheWholeFam
used/melon_seeds                        6292        Kalaconzti
used/melon_slice                        2691        garfield_mc
used/milk_bucket                        152         _Dankk
used/minecart                           1129        Unpaid_Animator
used/mooshroom_spawn_egg                5           Cheese_Addict
used/mossy_cobblestone                  691         garfield_mc
used/mossy_cobblestone_slab             269         flicck
used/mossy_cobblestone_stairs           151         pecca1
used/mossy_cobblestone_wall             187         ERROR
used/mossy_stone_brick_slab             443         flicck
used/mossy_stone_brick_stairs           45          pecca1
used/mossy_stone_brick_wall             164         ABlazingEBoy
used/mossy_stone_bricks                 1596        flicck
used/mushroom_stem                      1064        casm57
used/mushroom_stew                      403         SpaghettLeos
used/music_disc_11                      44          sigma_turbine
used/music_disc_13                      55          SummersMoon
used/music_disc_blocks                  46          sokang
used/music_disc_cat                     59          Suskang
used/music_disc_chirp                   30          BoxBlink, b3rryisdead
used/music_disc_far                     43          Suskang
used/music_disc_mall                    184         Ovalgoatkid
used/music_disc_mellohi                 64          EdwardSim
used/music_disc_pigstep                 181         iiEthan
used/music_disc_stal                    130         VTD
used/music_disc_strad                   55          AustinIsntHere
used/music_disc_wait                    29          sokang
used/music_disc_ward                    43          gayasianfrog
used/mutton                             101         CheesyBaconBits
used/mycelium                           6131        exgodstatus
used/nether_brick_fence                 2382        KVanilla1
used/nether_brick_slab                  5111        Scytrogen
used/nether_brick_stairs                321         flicck
used/nether_brick_wall                  1013        flicck
used/nether_bricks                      8541        flicck
used/nether_gold_ore                    1135        ManaManon
used/nether_quartz_ore                  36003       exgodstatus
used/nether_sprouts                     12          Japi20002
used/nether_wart                        7926        banana_pirate1
used/nether_wart_block                  4051        Mobzillahz
used/netherite_axe                      37643       KoiWolf27
used/netherite_block                    1082        Dankinese
used/netherite_hoe                      15436       flicck
used/netherite_pickaxe                  3917261     exgodstatus
used/netherite_shovel                   542995      exgodstatus
used/netherite_sword                    57069       EmeraldBokoblin
used/netherrack                         61567       Dankinese
used/note_block                         9275        sokang
used/oak_boat                           1285        EmeraldBokoblin
used/oak_button                         3272        OpticsVision
used/oak_door                           282         macgamin073
used/oak_fence                          1333        banana_pirate1
used/oak_fence_gate                     762         hjoire69
used/oak_leaves                         7731        ERROR
used/oak_log                            12793       SummersMoon
used/oak_planks                         13409       BlitzIR
used/oak_pressure_plate                 87          exgodstatus
used/oak_sapling                        1247        SoySauceMatters
used/oak_sign                           2605        Wesley2819
used/oak_slab                           25923       banana_pirate1
used/oak_stairs                         3136        Salty_May0
used/oak_trapdoor                       4021        SoySauceMatters
used/oak_wood                           4048        Paintgolin
used/observer                           5919        KoiWolf27
used/obsidian                           50016       SummersMoon
used/orange_banner                      44          Ham_Addict
used/orange_bed                         107         A_Hundred_Ninjas
used/orange_carpet                      3862        hypzee1
used/orange_concrete                    8778        __Carrot_
used/orange_concrete_powder             4464        exgodstatus
used/orange_glazed_terracotta           173         cfdlboi
used/orange_shulker_box                 633         WinterStars
used/orange_stained_glass               717         Jman_TheGamer
used/orange_stained_glass_pane          9105        __Carrot_
used/orange_terracotta                  13529       iiEthan
used/orange_tulip                       61          dabnation1232
used/orange_wool                        1539        Shonisaurus
used/oxeye_daisy                        105         DaRulerofDragons
used/packed_ice                         27988       exgodstatus
used/painting                           330         ChadThunderous26
used/parrot_spawn_egg                   4           Goatmir
used/peony                              1248        sokang
used/phantom_spawn_egg                  2           Cheese_Addict
used/pig_spawn_egg                      20          iiEthan
used/piglin_brute_spawn_egg             3           Cheese_Addict
used/piglin_spawn_egg                   44          muzak23
used/pink_banner                        10          024CandyCane, Fun4TheWholeFam
used/pink_bed                           126         AydenSWG
used/pink_carpet                        556         A_Hundred_Ninjas
used/pink_concrete                      5548        A_Hundred_Ninjas
used/pink_concrete_powder               12272       exgodstatus
used/pink_glazed_terracotta             243         024CandyCane
used/pink_shulker_box                   669         EmeraldBokoblin
used/pink_stained_glass                 44389       ERROR
used/pink_stained_glass_pane            262         Silloter
used/pink_terracotta                    3499        hypzee1
used/pink_tulip                         309         024CandyCane
used/pink_wool                          2038        Paskeltw8
used/piston                             3959        Teiqonn
used/player_head                        30          Cheese_Addict
used/podzol                             1019        bluspectator
used/poisonous_potato                   22          Submadoge
used/polished_andesite                  7804        KoiWolf27
used/polished_andesite_slab             8943        EmeraldBokoblin
used/polished_andesite_stairs           740         Dasckepur
used/polished_basalt                    5102        KoiWolf27
used/polished_blackstone                9466        EmeraldBokoblin
used/polished_blackstone_brick_slab     15043       Diamond_Miner317
used/polished_blackstone_brick_stairs   3644        Skizzili
used/polished_blackstone_brick_wall     830         keadd
used/polished_blackstone_bricks         38620       exgodstatus
used/polished_blackstone_button         799         EmeraldBokoblin
used/polished_blackstone_pressure_plate 2524        exgodstatus
used/polished_blackstone_slab           3327        see_the_stars
used/polished_blackstone_stairs         4419        PHANTOMN016
used/polished_blackstone_wall           4358        EmeraldBokoblin
used/polished_diorite                   6017        exgodstatus
used/polished_diorite_slab              4931        UnethicalVoxel
used/polished_diorite_stairs            758         EmeraldBokoblin
used/polished_granite                   1424        EmeraldBokoblin
used/polished_granite_slab              906         ERROR
used/polished_granite_stairs            232         Froggy_Jaiden
used/poppy                              546         Skizzili
used/porkchop                           207         BlitzIR
used/potato                             23576       Wesley2819
used/potion                             673         Suskang
used/powered_rail                       5234        Dankinese
used/prismarine                         2563        Dasckepur
used/prismarine_brick_slab              156         SonOfDemise
used/prismarine_brick_stairs            887         PHANTOMN016
used/prismarine_bricks                  6881        EmeraldBokoblin
used/prismarine_slab                    3944        Bomo
used/prismarine_stairs                  92          Bomo
used/prismarine_wall                    4390        casm57
used/pufferfish                         44          Cheese_Addict
used/pufferfish_bucket                  39          Cheese_Addict
used/pufferfish_spawn_egg               96          Cheese_Addict
used/pumpkin                            1662        mitchellpup
used/pumpkin_pie                        1063        bluspectator
used/pumpkin_seeds                      1585        Dankinese
used/purple_banner                      13          Rocknlicorice
used/purple_bed                         97          LimeishPingu
used/purple_carpet                      317         SummersMoon
used/purple_concrete                    3306        iiEthan
used/purple_concrete_powder             1209        Skizzili
used/purple_glazed_terracotta           124         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/purple_shulker_box                 569         KoiWolf27
used/purple_stained_glass               2077        EmeraldBokoblin
used/purple_stained_glass_pane          336         V01Dthepicgamer
used/purple_terracotta                  1679        exgodstatus
used/purple_wool                        568         SE3dling
used/purpur_block                       1070        Draconix135
used/purpur_pillar                      1593        Wtnaut
used/purpur_slab                        401         Wtnaut
used/purpur_stairs                      189         Wtnaut
used/quartz_block                       4707        RemnantAdvent
used/quartz_bricks                      15386       exgodstatus
used/quartz_pillar                      3761        Skizzili
used/quartz_slab                        1852        A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
used/quartz_stairs                      1679        HexdePixel
used/rabbit                             10          The_Epic_Memer
used/rabbit_stew                        18          TortleDoge
used/rail                               21533       Huaqin
used/red_banner                         68          Mobzillahz
used/red_bed                            120         Cyric01
used/red_carpet                         1986        pseudoname23
used/red_concrete                       6346        Hobo_Joe2474
used/red_concrete_powder                36109       flicck
used/red_glazed_terracotta              149         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/red_mushroom                       65          Strider314
used/red_mushroom_block                 1954        ABlazingEBoy
used/red_nether_brick_slab              2461        banana_pirate1
used/red_nether_brick_stairs            2770        banana_pirate1
used/red_nether_brick_wall              48          hjoire69
used/red_nether_bricks                  1555        casm57
used/red_sand                           4289        VescularGold
used/red_sandstone                      266         VescularGold
used/red_sandstone_slab                 146         Shonisaurus
used/red_sandstone_stairs               274         Shonisaurus
used/red_sandstone_wall                 114         EmeraldBokoblin
used/red_shulker_box                    1432        WinterStars
used/red_stained_glass                  4814        Bjorn_bernarsson
used/red_stained_glass_pane             248         SummersMoon
used/red_terracotta                     21606       dti131
used/red_tulip                          97          iiEthan
used/red_wool                           1726        VTD
used/redstone                           6996        exgodstatus
used/redstone_block                     1070        Dankinese
used/redstone_lamp                      3656        exgodstatus
used/redstone_ore                       3218        ManaManon
used/redstone_torch                     1265        SoySauceMatters
used/repeater                           7091        sokang
used/respawn_anchor                     22          Suskang
used/rose_bush                          169         TheMagicalChez
used/rotten_flesh                       1624        HyperGamer3500
used/salmon                             48          Reilax
used/salmon_bucket                      145         IStubbedMyToe69
used/salmon_spawn_egg                   9           iiEthan
used/sand                               89694       exgodstatus
used/sandstone                          42758       SummersMoon
used/sandstone_slab                     3851        bloodocean643
used/sandstone_stairs                   1455        SummersMoon
used/sandstone_wall                     2009        Mobzillahz
used/scaffolding                        9216        ERROR
used/sea_lantern                        1567        Bomo
used/sea_pickle                         2255        Skizzili
used/seagrass                           225         TheMagicalChez
used/shears                             18298       A_TRAFFIC_CONE_
used/sheep_spawn_egg                    51          Cheese_Addict
used/shield                             3499        hypzee1
used/shroomlight                        1743        Skizzili
used/shulker_box                        3480        exgodstatus
used/skeleton_horse_spawn_egg           14          Cheese_Addict
used/skeleton_skull                     24          MarioFoli
used/skeleton_spawn_egg                 71          Cheese_Addict
used/slime_block                        3308        Dankinese
used/slime_spawn_egg                    2           MarioFoli, Cheese_Addict
used/smithing_table                     479         cfdlboi
used/smoker                             311         5space
used/smooth_quartz                      12466       exgodstatus
used/smooth_quartz_slab                 10178       n1k0z
used/smooth_quartz_stairs               6460        Skizzili
used/smooth_red_sandstone               662         casm57
used/smooth_red_sandstone_slab          214         EmeraldBokoblin
used/smooth_red_sandstone_stairs        298         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/smooth_sandstone                   45860       Mobzillahz
used/smooth_sandstone_slab              4353        Mobzillahz
used/smooth_sandstone_stairs            3961        Mobzillahz
used/smooth_stone                       52059       KVanilla1
used/smooth_stone_slab                  61387       exgodstatus
used/snow                               28795       KoiWolf27
used/snow_block                         26601       iiEthan
used/snowball                           1913        iiEthan
used/soul_campfire                      129         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/soul_lantern                       418         ERROR
used/soul_sand                          3951        Iron_Kid_1
used/soul_soil                          4762        Submadoge
used/soul_torch                         236         OdinoRaptor
used/spawner                            49          MarioFoli
used/spider_eye                         123         Mateox__
used/spider_spawn_egg                   5           Cheese_Addict
used/splash_potion                      742         Suskang
used/sponge                             7295        WinterStars
used/spruce_boat                        951         Kalaconzti
used/spruce_button                      2625        ERROR
used/spruce_door                        442         JorgeLuis0205
used/spruce_fence                       5687        Dankinese
used/spruce_fence_gate                  4314        Dankinese
used/spruce_leaves                      11281       EmeraldBokoblin
used/spruce_log                         6751        SE3dling
used/spruce_planks                      22434       BlitzIR
used/spruce_pressure_plate              515         exgodstatus
used/spruce_sapling                     1757        Ido_mess
used/spruce_sign                        1454        Dankinese
used/spruce_slab                        23293       Submadoge
used/spruce_stairs                      6298        CheesyBaconBits
used/spruce_trapdoor                    9530        keadd
used/spruce_wood                        1727        ERROR
used/squid_spawn_egg                    1           iiEthan
used/sticky_piston                      5469        exgodstatus
used/stone                              127859      ERROR
used/stone_axe                          13957       xian2001
used/stone_brick_slab                   44617       KVanilla1
used/stone_brick_stairs                 9894        Submadoge
used/stone_brick_wall                   3537        SE3dling
used/stone_bricks                       389367      exgodstatus
used/stone_button                       4050        SE3dling
used/stone_hoe                          5114        ERROR
used/stone_pickaxe                      40645       LakuTheDark
used/stone_pressure_plate               4092        exgodstatus
used/stone_shovel                       38769       miloFTW
used/stone_slab                         49650       Dankinese
used/stone_stairs                       3663        SummersMoon
used/stone_sword                        13485       toomuchtACKtical
used/stonecutter                        337         banana_pirate1
used/stray_spawn_egg                    1           iiEthan
used/strider_spawn_egg                  1           MarioFoli
used/string                             18650       exgodstatus
used/stripped_acacia_log                863         _EunB_
used/stripped_acacia_wood               409         ABlazingEBoy
used/stripped_birch_log                 1255        Ninobf
used/stripped_birch_wood                107         Ninobf
used/stripped_crimson_hyphae            1389        Reptilelord911
used/stripped_crimson_stem              258         HexdePixel
used/stripped_dark_oak_log              821         cfdlboi
used/stripped_dark_oak_wood             279         sigma_turbine
used/stripped_jungle_log                223         Dasckepur
used/stripped_jungle_wood               686         AncientBlade
used/stripped_oak_log                   1137        Ninobf
used/stripped_oak_wood                  141         Paintgolin
used/stripped_spruce_log                1586        CheesyBaconBits
used/stripped_spruce_wood               761         Dasckepur
used/stripped_warped_hyphae             259         Ninobf
used/stripped_warped_stem               324         cfdlboi
used/sugar_cane                         3636        Teiqonn
used/sunflower                          89          Ido_mess
used/suspicious_stew                    96          EthDanger
used/sweet_berries                      12045       jonathanpie
used/tall_grass                         1           StaRniTy, muzak23, potx4, flicck
used/target                             103         mitchellpup
used/terracotta                         7841        EmeraldBokoblin
used/tnt                                39805       SoySauceMatters
used/tnt_minecart                       46          Suskang
used/torch                              35515       exgodstatus
used/totem_of_undying                   989         Suskang
used/trader_llama_spawn_egg             1           Cheese_Addict
used/trapped_chest                      328         M1r7hful
used/trident                            13692       KVanilla1
used/tripwire_hook                      263         Dankinese
used/tropical_fish                      12          jonathanpie
used/tropical_fish_bucket               51          Shonisaurus
used/tropical_fish_spawn_egg            50          Cheese_Addict
used/tube_coral                         18          Bunjjee
used/tube_coral_block                   97          Bunjjee
used/tube_coral_fan                     23          Bunjjee
used/turtle_egg                         1089        ABlazingEBoy
used/turtle_spawn_egg                   10          ABlazingEBoy
used/twisting_vines                     451         SoySauceMatters
used/villager_spawn_egg                 45          iiEthan
used/vine                               1980        flicck
used/wandering_trader_spawn_egg         4           Cheese_Addict
used/warped_button                      4140        keadd
used/warped_door                        155         exgodstatus
used/warped_fence                       371         ABlazingEBoy
used/warped_fence_gate                  314         EmeraldBokoblin
used/warped_fungus                      72          Skizzili
used/warped_fungus_on_a_stick           589         VooDooBR
used/warped_hyphae                      713         garfield_mc
used/warped_nylium                      3902        exgodstatus
used/warped_planks                      2171        UnethicalVoxel
used/warped_pressure_plate              32          sokang
used/warped_roots                       61          Ovalgoatkid
used/warped_sign                        190         sokang
used/warped_slab                        1845        KoiWolf27
used/warped_stairs                      604         Hobo_Joe2474
used/warped_stem                        1590        Bomo
used/warped_trapdoor                    867         casm57
used/warped_wart_block                  2216        Tod_NL
used/water_bucket                       11709       _Kadora_
used/weeping_vines                      297         SilentTOILIT101
used/wet_sponge                         6954        WinterStars
used/wheat_seeds                        25873       DaRulerofDragons
used/white_banner                       675         EmeraldBokoblin
used/white_bed                          642         SoySauceMatters
used/white_carpet                       24491       sigma_turbine
used/white_concrete                     29870       Dankinese
used/white_concrete_powder              24351       exgodstatus
used/white_glazed_terracotta            171         supernova1054
used/white_shulker_box                  563         SE3dling
used/white_stained_glass                13174       ABlazingEBoy
used/white_stained_glass_pane           5347        casm57
used/white_terracotta                   8581        exgodstatus
used/white_tulip                        114         DaRulerofDragons
used/white_wool                         15655       SummersMoon
used/witch_spawn_egg                    1           iiEthan
used/wither_rose                        4072        exgodstatus
used/wither_skeleton_skull              566         Xx_uwumaster_xX
used/wither_skeleton_spawn_egg          4           muzak23
used/wolf_spawn_egg                     10          Cheese_Addict
used/wooden_axe                         2038        xian2001
used/wooden_hoe                         1547        Gkalswhd
used/wooden_pickaxe                     924         Ovalgoatkid
used/wooden_shovel                      5394        xian2001
used/wooden_sword                       3013        toomuchtACKtical
used/writable_book                      1399        Suskang
used/written_book                       406         Submadoge
used/yellow_banner                      25          Suskang
used/yellow_bed                         115         jellyroll_413
used/yellow_carpet                      6746        Fun4TheWholeFam
used/yellow_concrete                    1968        forshale
used/yellow_concrete_powder             3369        exgodstatus
used/yellow_glazed_terracotta           344         EmeraldBokoblin
used/yellow_shulker_box                 1478        SE3dling
used/yellow_stained_glass               583         Ham_Addict
used/yellow_stained_glass_pane          224         wes00chin
used/yellow_terracotta                  2901        hypzee1
used/yellow_wool                        609         ERROR
used/zombie_head                        19          cheeeeca
used/zombie_horse_spawn_egg             2           MarioFoli
used/zombie_spawn_egg                   18          iiEthan
used/zombie_villager_spawn_egg          5           iiEthan
used/zombified_piglin_spawn_egg         22          TheDoctor7562