broken/bow                              5           Wifi84
broken/chainmail_boots                  2           iiUltra, poggies1, Ariesss_Stone, FoxShine, SokySergeant
broken/chainmail_chestplate             2           skillpad666, TerJul2916, Phoenix381, Wifi84
broken/chainmail_helmet                 2           WinterStars, IntrovertDeity, TheBigShmoo, Shonisaurus, Shadow15747, emowizgnome
broken/chainmail_leggings               3           Wifi84
broken/crossbow                         5           A_Hundred_Ninjas
broken/diamond_axe                      2           Stressed_Jackdaw, IcyToast713, OpticsVision, Bjorn_bernarsson
broken/diamond_boots                    7           Kalaconzti
broken/diamond_chestplate               3           iiEthan, Kalaconzti
broken/diamond_helmet                   8           A3eead, Kalaconzti
broken/diamond_hoe                      1           5space, jabby123321, LoomisFire, Bullllfrog, Reilax, Hosbo_, Shonisaurus, IcyToast713, LazuliCrafter, TheGirlYouForgot, Foracle
broken/diamond_leggings                 7           Kalaconzti
broken/diamond_pickaxe                  13          RaiseTheBar
broken/diamond_shovel                   17          RaiseTheBar
broken/diamond_sword                    2           RaiseTheBar
broken/fishing_rod                      20          titaniumcow
broken/flint_and_steel                  133         iiEthan
broken/golden_axe                       6           titaniumcow
broken/golden_boots                     6           Wifi84, Shadow15747
broken/golden_chestplate                7           Wifi84
broken/golden_helmet                    6           Shadow15747
broken/golden_hoe                       1           icarus51_, Vonify_Melwin, VooDooBR, iamapug30, JuiceBoy_2005, Jman_TheGamer, paskeltw8, Shonisaurus, SaintMint
broken/golden_leggings                  8           Wifi84
broken/golden_pickaxe                   56          kristalic
broken/golden_shovel                    29          Domobriks
broken/golden_sword                     188         titaniumcow
broken/iron_axe                         29          TheBat11
broken/iron_boots                       6           IntrovertDeity
broken/iron_chestplate                  5           oscarsgon, Stone___Free, Wifi84, SokySergeant
broken/iron_helmet                      7           spinvince, Wifi84
broken/iron_hoe                         18          Smyles85
broken/iron_leggings                    6           SokySergeant
broken/iron_pickaxe                     133         MaxD14, IceRice
broken/iron_shovel                      109         Morningstars
broken/iron_sword                       33          Josuke___
broken/leather_boots                    6           FoxShine, HypeZee
broken/leather_chestplate               4           LazuliCrafter
broken/leather_helmet                   6           LazuliCrafter
broken/leather_leggings                 6           Wifi84, HypeZee
broken/shears                           28          WinterStars
broken/shield                           16          Shadow15747
broken/stone_axe                        49          Shadow15747
broken/stone_hoe                        33          Kalaconzti
broken/stone_pickaxe                    444         Brokenpool
broken/stone_shovel                     133         TerJul2916
broken/stone_sword                      43          clemens1234
broken/trident                          1           RaiseTheBar, Despacito298, Shonisaurus
broken/turtle_helmet                    4           ABlazingEBoy
broken/wooden_axe                       11          zedrang
broken/wooden_hoe                       5           HaisaiOjisan, AresTheBeast, FCKKALLOFYOU, sokang
broken/wooden_pickaxe                   15          Curtainn
broken/wooden_shovel                    13          ScorpionsScar
broken/wooden_sword                     27          Milo45
crafted/acacia_boat                     278         TurtlesAreNice
crafted/acacia_button                   534         LimeishPingu
crafted/acacia_door                     75          LimeishPingu
crafted/acacia_fence                    369         OpticsVision
crafted/acacia_fence_gate               32          arabesquesE
crafted/acacia_planks                   17120       LimeishPingu
crafted/acacia_pressure_plate           30          HoleInMyHouse
crafted/acacia_sign                     105         Deepfried7
crafted/acacia_slab                     4285        LimeishPingu
crafted/acacia_stairs                   612         IceRice
crafted/acacia_trapdoor                 150         Crack3RSss
crafted/acacia_wood                     387         6299355
crafted/activator_rail                  126         Ohelnko
crafted/allium                          12          Cooopl
crafted/andesite                        5598        Not_Pickles
crafted/andesite_slab                   774         5space
crafted/andesite_stairs                 452         OpticsVision
crafted/andesite_wall                   210         Apertur
crafted/anvil                           65          TheDoctor7562, xiaotoon
crafted/apple                           2240        pink_wolf3
crafted/armor_stand                     132         Boomdacow
crafted/arrow                           3916        Shadow15747
crafted/azure_bluet                     1           bmo28
crafted/baked_potato                    11141       Shadow15747
crafted/barrel                          869         titaniumcow
crafted/beacon                          107         LoomisFire
crafted/beehive                         77          Goatmir
crafted/beetroot_soup                   146         Froggy_Jaiden
crafted/bell                            76          PlNEAPPLE
crafted/birch_boat                      195         borwornnun093
crafted/birch_button                    335         PixelCorruptionz
crafted/birch_door                      81          BillingBoys
crafted/birch_fence                     714         cSharpMajor0091
crafted/birch_fence_gate                1101        paskeltw8
crafted/birch_planks                    18748       paskeltw8
crafted/birch_pressure_plate            515         paskeltw8
crafted/birch_sapling                   64          Kalaconzti
crafted/birch_sign                      1014        WinterStars
crafted/birch_slab                      3962        paskeltw8
crafted/birch_stairs                    736         Salty_May0
crafted/birch_trapdoor                  3150        Dasckepur
crafted/birch_wood                      3539        WinterStars
crafted/black_banner                    358         WarheroesINC
crafted/black_bed                       83          PlNEAPPLE
crafted/black_carpet                    3309        iiEthan
crafted/black_concrete_powder           17192       flicck
crafted/black_dye                       7644        WinterStars
crafted/black_glazed_terracotta         128         WinterStars
crafted/black_shulker_box               9           gunnmaster4, VTD, AydenSWG
crafted/black_stained_glass             43352       WinterStars
crafted/black_stained_glass_pane        2352        xegmaster
crafted/black_terracotta                5064        WinterStars
crafted/black_wool                      891         GoatTea
crafted/blast_furnace                   74          AveragelyBelow
crafted/blaze_powder                    1566        WinterStars
crafted/blue_banner                     158         NotFromTexas
crafted/blue_bed                        39          mincecraft333
crafted/blue_carpet                     234         Hailman345
crafted/blue_concrete_powder            1952        Ninobf
crafted/blue_dye                        2346        iiEthan
crafted/blue_glazed_terracotta          104         Cheese_Addict
crafted/blue_ice                        3217        Bomo
crafted/blue_orchid                     8           PixelAx
crafted/blue_shulker_box                22          A3eead
crafted/blue_stained_glass              5424        Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/blue_stained_glass_pane         128         Leland01
crafted/blue_terracotta                 3832        iiEthan
crafted/blue_wool                       677         BioticWhisper
crafted/bone_block                      7586        kristalic
crafted/bone_meal                       70949       Skizzili
crafted/book                            794         Universz
crafted/bookshelf                       2734        iiEthan
crafted/bow                             131         IceRice
crafted/bowl                            1228        Boppolopian
crafted/brain_coral_block               6           TheDoctor7562
crafted/bread                           4399        Shadow15747
crafted/brewing_stand                   65          LoomisFire
crafted/brick                           9118        Kalaconzti
crafted/brick_slab                      1350        archerhead
crafted/brick_stairs                    268         archerhead
crafted/brick_wall                      24          Morningstars
crafted/bricks                          2279        Kalaconzti
crafted/brown_banner                    1           TheDoctor7562, 5space, ShibeMlem, HotCum69420, bmo28, sokang, LazuliCrafter
crafted/brown_bed                       5           HoleInMyHouse
crafted/brown_carpet                    949         Kalaconzti
crafted/brown_concrete_powder           2432        TheDoctor7562
crafted/brown_dye                       1676        BioticWhisper
crafted/brown_glazed_terracotta         128         Cheese_Addict
crafted/brown_shulker_box               8           AydenSWG
crafted/brown_stained_glass             136         deceiverW
crafted/brown_stained_glass_pane        64          deceiverW
crafted/brown_terracotta                1024        OpticsVision
crafted/brown_wool                      672         BioticWhisper
crafted/bucket                          327         LoomisFire
crafted/cactus                          119         Kalaconzti
crafted/cake                            838         sokang
crafted/campfire                        205         Labammba
crafted/carrot_on_a_stick               4           LazuliCrafter
crafted/cartography_table               30          Ninobf
crafted/cauldron                        60          Stone___Free
crafted/chainmail_boots                 102         Vasxus
crafted/chainmail_chestplate            33          Vasxus
crafted/chainmail_helmet                33          Scytrogen
crafted/chainmail_leggings              77          A_Hundred_Ninjas
crafted/charcoal                        4380        yaxley_peaks
crafted/chest                           3095        A3eead
crafted/chest_minecart                  19          HyperGamer3500
crafted/chiseled_quartz_block           117         MarioFoli
crafted/chiseled_red_sandstone          3           5space
crafted/chiseled_sandstone              39          Porknoodles_
crafted/chiseled_stone_bricks           512         Gwineafowl
crafted/clay                            2287        gerbilcity
crafted/clay_ball                       39          Antivax_twig
crafted/clock                           68          5space
crafted/coal                            19786       Aight_Bet
crafted/coal_block                      3929        Josuke___
crafted/coarse_dirt                     864         HyperGamer3500
crafted/cobblestone_slab                26023       Dankinese
crafted/cobblestone_stairs              1544        BirbOnTheWay
crafted/cobblestone_wall                2544        HalfOf2
crafted/cod_bucket                      27          Popsicle_n
crafted/comparator                      214         Bloxx12
crafted/compass                         888         pink_wolf3
crafted/composter                       73          Ohelnko
crafted/conduit                         9           Morningstars, Percival0707
crafted/cooked_beef                     3275        Dankinese
crafted/cooked_chicken                  1145        LazuliCrafter
crafted/cooked_cod                      1965        pink_wolf3
crafted/cooked_mutton                   353         TheGirlYouForgot
crafted/cooked_porkchop                 7895        TheDoctor7562
crafted/cooked_rabbit                   192         5space
crafted/cooked_salmon                   640         MedievalHeat
crafted/cookie                          5000        FriskTempest
crafted/cornflower                      2           Vermox
crafted/cracked_stone_bricks            297         NurBahnhof227
crafted/crafting_table                  4485        Despacito298
crafted/creeper_banner_pattern          1           TheDoctor7562, 5space, Universz, bmo28, flicck, Shonisaurus, Vermox, Bjorn_bernarsson, Deku_scrub_uwu, WarheroesINC
crafted/crossbow                        144         IceRice
crafted/cut_red_sandstone               4           5space
crafted/cut_red_sandstone_slab          6           5space
crafted/cut_sandstone                   1244        HotCum69420
crafted/cut_sandstone_slab              480         EggoPhobic
crafted/cyan_banner                     17          Morningstars
crafted/cyan_bed                        7           Goatmir
crafted/cyan_carpet                     600         Ohelnko
crafted/cyan_concrete_powder            7744        iiEthan
crafted/cyan_dye                        2878        Ohelnko
crafted/cyan_glazed_terracotta          25          TheDoctor7562
crafted/cyan_shulker_box                7           AydenSWG
crafted/cyan_stained_glass              17920       Ohelnko
crafted/cyan_stained_glass_pane         344         77dErAnGeD77
crafted/cyan_terracotta                 4952        Apertur
crafted/cyan_wool                       80          iiEthan
crafted/dark_oak_boat                   790         borwornnun093
crafted/dark_oak_button                 8230        Skizzili
crafted/dark_oak_door                   213         kristalic
crafted/dark_oak_fence                  1425        Dosux2
crafted/dark_oak_fence_gate             1344        paskeltw8
crafted/dark_oak_planks                 40548       _ghosti_
crafted/dark_oak_pressure_plate         128         WarheroesINC
crafted/dark_oak_sign                   663         kristalic
crafted/dark_oak_slab                   18062       HaisaiOjisan
crafted/dark_oak_stairs                 5068        RaiseTheBar
crafted/dark_oak_trapdoor               4552        Ohelnko
crafted/dark_oak_wood                   2235        FoxRaid
crafted/dark_prismarine                 1167        Ohelnko
crafted/dark_prismarine_slab            234         N0ODL3S
crafted/dark_prismarine_stairs          128         Pulpoide, Dasckepur
crafted/daylight_detector               154         WinterStars
crafted/detector_rail                   288         OpticsVision
crafted/diamond                         22617       WinterStars
crafted/diamond_axe                     125         Ohelnko
crafted/diamond_block                   2863        WinterStars
crafted/diamond_boots                   143         WinterStars
crafted/diamond_chestplate              146         WinterStars
crafted/diamond_helmet                  146         WinterStars
crafted/diamond_hoe                     18          GachiKiller
crafted/diamond_leggings                134         WinterStars
crafted/diamond_pickaxe                 214         Ohelnko
crafted/diamond_shovel                  24          RaiseTheBar
crafted/diamond_sword                   70          Ohelnko
crafted/diorite                         8           Cheese_Addict
crafted/diorite_slab                    780         5space
crafted/diorite_stairs                  200         BirbOnTheWay
crafted/diorite_wall                    168         archerhead
crafted/dispenser                       102         Skizzili
crafted/dried_kelp                      21303       Krok_Karot
crafted/dried_kelp_block                3391        Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/dropper                         136         Bloxx12
crafted/elytra                          2           iiEthan
crafted/emerald                         45717       TheDoctor7562
crafted/emerald_block                   5019        WinterStars
crafted/enchanted_book                  1742        xiaotoon
crafted/enchanting_table                8           TheDoctor7562, Scytrogen
crafted/end_crystal                     704         pink_wolf3
crafted/end_rod                         980         kristalic
crafted/end_stone_brick_slab            3296        5space
crafted/end_stone_brick_stairs          436         Ratolas6969
crafted/end_stone_brick_wall            970         Golwarrior80
crafted/end_stone_bricks                7584        PixelCorruptionz
crafted/ender_chest                     110         Kalaconzti
crafted/ender_eye                       832         pink_wolf3
crafted/ender_pearl                     57          A3eead
crafted/experience_bottle               1262        A3eead
crafted/fermented_spider_eye            209         Dankinese
crafted/filled_map                      672         Reilax
crafted/fire_charge                     1110        titaniumcow
crafted/firework_rocket                 54042       Dasckepur
crafted/firework_star                   1725        titaniumcow
crafted/fishing_rod                     38          titaniumcow
crafted/fletching_table                 36          PlNEAPPLE
crafted/flint                           420         Shadow15747
crafted/flint_and_steel                 122         iiEthan
crafted/flower_banner_pattern           9           WarheroesINC
crafted/flower_pot                      132         HeyItsSirius
crafted/furnace                         677         titaniumcow
crafted/furnace_minecart                91          mishzaab
crafted/glass                           20805       wittedintegral2
crafted/glass_bottle                    2232        _noZen_
crafted/glass_pane                      8909        BirbOnTheWay
crafted/glistering_melon_slice          902         WinterStars
crafted/globe_banner_pattern            16          TheDoctor7562
crafted/glowstone                       1010        urseamajoris
crafted/gold_block                      4201        A3eead
crafted/gold_ingot                      57915       pink_wolf3
crafted/gold_nugget                     31401       A3eead
crafted/gold_ore                        44          RoxySimp
crafted/golden_apple                    2184        pink_wolf3
crafted/golden_axe                      52          titaniumcow
crafted/golden_boots                    59          Josuke___
crafted/golden_carrot                   28106       AydenSWG
crafted/golden_chestplate               56          Josuke___
crafted/golden_helmet                   48          Josuke___
crafted/golden_hoe                      12          titaniumcow
crafted/golden_leggings                 64          Josuke___
crafted/golden_pickaxe                  69          titaniumcow
crafted/golden_shovel                   68          titaniumcow
crafted/golden_sword                    153         Cooopl
crafted/granite_slab                    720         Grifstar0
crafted/granite_stairs                  48          ERROR
crafted/granite_wall                    186         AresTheBeast
crafted/gray_banner                     13          BreadyReady
crafted/gray_bed                        37          _wariowo
crafted/gray_carpet                     3585        iiEthan
crafted/gray_concrete_powder            5856        iiEthan
crafted/gray_dye                        1344        Apertur
crafted/gray_glazed_terracotta          120         kristalic
crafted/gray_shulker_box                17          Apertur
crafted/gray_stained_glass              1024        kristalic
crafted/gray_stained_glass_pane         968         RaiseTheBar
crafted/gray_terracotta                 3992        WinterStars
crafted/gray_wool                       254         BioticWhisper
crafted/green_banner                    4           Mobzillahz
crafted/green_bed                       32          Ratolas6969
crafted/green_carpet                    186         TerJul2916
crafted/green_concrete_powder           704         iiUltra
crafted/green_dye                       3704        TerJul2916
crafted/green_glazed_terracotta         96          MRDK_Redocchi
crafted/green_shulker_box               6           A3eead
crafted/green_stained_glass             320         noodles_for_you
crafted/green_stained_glass_pane        80          baguna
crafted/green_terracotta                3816        Cooopl
crafted/green_wool                      128         Ninobf
crafted/grindstone                      101         Brennont97
crafted/gunpowder                       8           GoatTea, Popsicle_n, Crack3RSss, Cheese_Addict
crafted/hay_block                       1770        Kalaconzti
crafted/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate   1988        iiEthan
crafted/honey_block                     1101        willt_7
crafted/honey_bottle                    64          _noZen_
crafted/honeycomb_block                 2303        willt_7
crafted/hopper                          1368        A3eead
crafted/hopper_minecart                 102         pink_wolf3
crafted/iron_axe                        109         Universz
crafted/iron_bars                       2560        Apertur
crafted/iron_block                      7815        Percival0707
crafted/iron_boots                      44          deceiverW
crafted/iron_chestplate                 37          titaniumcow
crafted/iron_door                       51          WinterStars
crafted/iron_helmet                     70          Morningstars
crafted/iron_hoe                        22          SAMSkywolker
crafted/iron_ingot                      14105       EpicPoggers
crafted/iron_leggings                   42          titaniumcow
crafted/iron_nugget                     8114        Skizzili
crafted/iron_ore                        45          AydenSWG
crafted/iron_pickaxe                    159         IceRice
crafted/iron_shovel                     113         Morningstars
crafted/iron_sword                      57          Josuke___
crafted/iron_trapdoor                   892         Apertur
crafted/item_frame                      867         pink_wolf3
crafted/jack_o_lantern                  776         xiaotoon
crafted/jukebox                         26          titaniumcow
crafted/jungle_boat                     197         MastaBanana
crafted/jungle_button                   1160        LazuliCrafter
crafted/jungle_door                     33          Reilax
crafted/jungle_fence                    498         RoxySimp
crafted/jungle_fence_gate               1249        WinterStars
crafted/jungle_planks                   78272       TheDoctor7562
crafted/jungle_pressure_plate           61          Vonify_Melwin
crafted/jungle_sign                     314         WinterStars
crafted/jungle_slab                     3594        6299355
crafted/jungle_stairs                   252         LysFisk
crafted/jungle_trapdoor                 318         Not_Pickles
crafted/jungle_wood                     384         6299355
crafted/ladder                          816         PixelCorruptionz
crafted/lantern                         1386        iiEthan
crafted/lapis_block                     1027        Josuke___
crafted/lapis_lazuli                    6650        xiaotoon
crafted/lead                            76          5space
crafted/leather                         134         Vermox
crafted/leather_boots                   51          Josuke___
crafted/leather_chestplate              39          Josuke___
crafted/leather_helmet                  33          Josuke___
crafted/leather_horse_armor             33          ShibeMlem
crafted/leather_leggings                55          Josuke___
crafted/lectern                         163         PlNEAPPLE
crafted/lever                           562         BiggBillyBobby
crafted/light_blue_banner               115         Morningstars
crafted/light_blue_bed                  121         titaniumcow
crafted/light_blue_carpet               1710        iiEthan
crafted/light_blue_concrete_powder      2624        melody_florum
crafted/light_blue_dye                  4054        Shonisaurus
crafted/light_blue_glazed_terracotta    57          kristalic
crafted/light_blue_shulker_box          16          AydenSWG
crafted/light_blue_stained_glass        8640        xegmaster
crafted/light_blue_stained_glass_pane   2800        Ninobf
crafted/light_blue_terracotta           1048        kristalic
crafted/light_blue_wool                 182         Vermox
crafted/light_gray_banner               18          Apertur
crafted/light_gray_bed                  9           emowizgnome
crafted/light_gray_carpet               1616        pink_wolf3
crafted/light_gray_concrete_powder      5120        kristalic
crafted/light_gray_dye                  1310        BioticWhisper
crafted/light_gray_glazed_terracotta    58          EpicPoggers
crafted/light_gray_shulker_box          18          Apertur
crafted/light_gray_stained_glass        2416        Sammy_Wolfje
crafted/light_gray_stained_glass_pane   976         xegmaster
crafted/light_gray_terracotta           1096        Atomixx_125
crafted/light_gray_wool                 1226        BioticWhisper
crafted/light_weighted_pressure_plate   3694        yaxley_peaks
crafted/lily_of_the_valley              1           superwar2014
crafted/lily_pad                        2           bmo28
crafted/lime_banner                     8           Froggy_Jaiden
crafted/lime_bed                        10          LoomisFire
crafted/lime_carpet                     129         Gl0rifiedToaster
crafted/lime_concrete_powder            2680        retconned
crafted/lime_dye                        1164        titaniumcow
crafted/lime_glazed_terracotta          46          TheDoctor7562
crafted/lime_shulker_box                18          Paintbal
crafted/lime_stained_glass              2384        TheBat11
crafted/lime_stained_glass_pane         528         retconned
crafted/lime_terracotta                 4544        OpticsVision
crafted/lime_wool                       24          Vermox
crafted/loom                            23          WinterStars
crafted/magenta_banner                  16          Shonisaurus
crafted/magenta_bed                     6           titaniumcow, AlmostPotato
crafted/magenta_carpet                  32          Kalaconzti
crafted/magenta_concrete_powder         320         Hunt191
crafted/magenta_dye                     704         BioticWhisper
crafted/magenta_glazed_terracotta       64          WinterStars
crafted/magenta_shulker_box             4           gunnmaster4, FriskTempest
crafted/magenta_stained_glass           248         HaisaiOjisan
crafted/magenta_stained_glass_pane      192         Bomo
crafted/magenta_terracotta              1640        pink_wolf3
crafted/magenta_wool                    704         BioticWhisper
crafted/magma_block                     5           pink_wolf3
crafted/magma_cream                     69          ShibeMlem
crafted/map                             919         pink_wolf3
crafted/melon                           29938       A3eead
crafted/melon_seeds                     4234        thex23
crafted/minecart                        358         GoatTea
crafted/mojang_banner_pattern           1           Morningstars, 5space, VlanzingManz, RaiseTheBar, HoleInMyHouse, Penombra_, Vermox, Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/mossy_cobblestone               344         TrenchCoatMafia
crafted/mossy_cobblestone_slab          70          Goatmir
crafted/mossy_cobblestone_stairs        36          thememelord125
crafted/mossy_cobblestone_wall          24          PawlockHolmes
crafted/mossy_stone_brick_slab          528         _noZen_
crafted/mossy_stone_brick_stairs        88          _noZen_
crafted/mossy_stone_brick_wall          12          _noZen_
crafted/mossy_stone_bricks              440         rewRedacted
crafted/mushroom_stew                   295         Froggy_Jaiden
crafted/mutton                          59          sneakrosco
crafted/name_tag                        98          PlNEAPPLE
crafted/nautilus_shell                  4           xiaotoon
crafted/nether_brick                    9696        flicck
crafted/nether_brick_fence              324         vvdb
crafted/nether_brick_slab               3450        flicck
crafted/nether_brick_stairs             360         iWeabs
crafted/nether_brick_wall               666         Golwarrior80
crafted/nether_bricks                   7137        flicck
crafted/nether_wart_block               698         _wariowo
crafted/note_block                      443         Ohelnko
crafted/oak_boat                        1379        LazuliCrafter
crafted/oak_button                      1375        Cooopl
crafted/oak_door                        261         FriskTempest
crafted/oak_fence                       3183        Dankinese
crafted/oak_fence_gate                  194         paskeltw8
crafted/oak_log                         91          Kalaconzti
crafted/oak_planks                      66139       FriskTempest
crafted/oak_pressure_plate              34          Drew__
crafted/oak_sapling                     59          Kalaconzti
crafted/oak_sign                        1752        Dankinese
crafted/oak_slab                        3072        HeyItsSirius
crafted/oak_stairs                      1261        IntrovertDeity
crafted/oak_trapdoor                    1962        Apertur
crafted/oak_wood                        867         Ninobf
crafted/observer                        1408        Ohelnko
crafted/orange_banner                   9           Vermox
crafted/orange_bed                      65          titaniumcow
crafted/orange_carpet                   1152        pink_wolf3
crafted/orange_concrete_powder          1344        iiEthan
crafted/orange_dye                      1878        paskeltw8
crafted/orange_glazed_terracotta        32          TheDoctor7562
crafted/orange_shulker_box              17          Bloxx12
crafted/orange_stained_glass            4056        SokySergeant
crafted/orange_stained_glass_pane       48          TheDoctor7562
crafted/orange_terracotta               272         HeyItsSirius
crafted/orange_tulip                    12          Popsicle_n
crafted/orange_wool                     112         iiEthan
crafted/oxeye_daisy                     2           dannydogd
crafted/packed_ice                      2931        Aight_Bet
crafted/painting                        82          FriskTempest
crafted/paper                           91755       Kalaconzti
crafted/pink_banner                     7           5space
crafted/pink_bed                        21          emowizgnome
crafted/pink_carpet                     1884        HaisaiOjisan
crafted/pink_concrete_powder            1656        Crack3RSss
crafted/pink_dye                        624         HaisaiOjisan
crafted/pink_glazed_terracotta          240         WinterStars
crafted/pink_shulker_box                16          Grifstar0, Foxy_The_Farmer
crafted/pink_stained_glass              4872        HaisaiOjisan
crafted/pink_stained_glass_pane         600         Grifstar0
crafted/pink_terracotta                 504         CR_O_WW
crafted/pink_wool                       192         OpticsVision
crafted/piston                          1216        AustinIsntHere
crafted/polished_andesite               8840        Not_Pickles
crafted/polished_andesite_slab          1944        bruh072
crafted/polished_andesite_stairs        620         Not_Pickles
crafted/polished_diorite                7504        retconned
crafted/polished_diorite_slab           7059        BarnabasCube
crafted/polished_diorite_stairs         476         Not_Pickles
crafted/polished_granite                2688        Ninobf
crafted/polished_granite_slab           450         Ludwig_The_Train
crafted/polished_granite_stairs         476         MarioFoli
crafted/popped_chorus_fruit             2167        Golwarrior80
crafted/porkchop                        2           sneakrosco
crafted/potato                          92          nice_try_sir
crafted/powered_rail                    3042        pink_wolf3
crafted/prismarine                      1472        Ohelnko
crafted/prismarine_brick_slab           1866        Ohelnko
crafted/prismarine_brick_stairs         980         IceRice
crafted/prismarine_bricks               7937        Bloxx12
crafted/prismarine_slab                 4098        Ohelnko
crafted/prismarine_stairs               296         Scytrogen
crafted/prismarine_wall                 204         Morningstars
crafted/pufferfish_bucket               4           TheDoctor7562, FriskTempest, OpticsVision
crafted/pumpkin_pie                     1664        ShibeMlem
crafted/pumpkin_seeds                   3056        SamanthaOwO
crafted/purple_banner                   25          kristalic
crafted/purple_bed                      65          VooDooBR
crafted/purple_carpet                   94          Discale
crafted/purple_concrete_powder          400         iiEthan
crafted/purple_dye                      1030        WinterStars
crafted/purple_glazed_terracotta        55          jonathanpie
crafted/purple_shulker_box              4           LoomisFire
crafted/purple_stained_glass            4112        WinterStars
crafted/purple_stained_glass_pane       3568        kristalic
crafted/purple_terracotta               896         Kalaconzti
crafted/purple_wool                     128         AydenSWG
crafted/purpur_block                    2164        Golwarrior80
crafted/purpur_pillar                   363         ItsXaver
crafted/purpur_slab                     738         ItsXaver
crafted/purpur_stairs                   432         Buitragox
crafted/quartz                          46          WarheroesINC
crafted/quartz_block                    10191       OpticsVision
crafted/quartz_pillar                   2320        OpticsVision
crafted/quartz_slab                     4206        Not_Pickles
crafted/quartz_stairs                   836         OpticsVision
crafted/rabbit_stew                     49          titaniumcow
crafted/rail                            2128        OpticsVision
crafted/red_banner                      72          WarheroesINC
crafted/red_bed                         155         archerhead
crafted/red_carpet                      1512        pink_wolf3
crafted/red_concrete_powder             3280        iiEthan
crafted/red_dye                         2436        emowizgnome
crafted/red_glazed_terracotta           385         ejb_e
crafted/red_nether_brick_slab           48          Not_Pickles
crafted/red_nether_brick_stairs         36          FoxShine
crafted/red_nether_brick_wall           6           5space
crafted/red_nether_bricks               6690        Not_Pickles
crafted/red_sandstone                   1313        czib
crafted/red_sandstone_slab              12          5space
crafted/red_sandstone_stairs            64          Morningstars
crafted/red_sandstone_wall              36          Suderman
crafted/red_shulker_box                 93          KevinFeige
crafted/red_stained_glass               1504        flicck
crafted/red_stained_glass_pane          896         N0ODL3S
crafted/red_terracotta                  576         kristalic
crafted/red_tulip                       2           PixelAx
crafted/red_wool                        213         Crack3RSss
crafted/redstone                        5110        Bloxx12
crafted/redstone_block                  2202        _X_Bow_
crafted/redstone_lamp                   429         dapp3r
crafted/redstone_torch                  2361        OpticsVision
crafted/repeater                        532         OpticsVision
crafted/saddle                          28          LazuliCrafter
crafted/sand                            64          TheDoctor7562
crafted/sandstone                       2370        Mobzillahz
crafted/sandstone_slab                  984         RubineShrubine
crafted/sandstone_stairs                2028        kristalic
crafted/sandstone_wall                  114         QwentyBoi
crafted/scaffolding                     3708        pink_wolf3
crafted/sea_lantern                     3070        Ohelnko
crafted/sea_pickle                      5           ZoIsBoris, sCHULF, Cheese_Addict
crafted/shears                          172         BioticWhisper
crafted/shield                          65          FriskTempest
crafted/shulker_box                     748         A3eead
crafted/skull_banner_pattern            1           TheDoctor7562, arabesquesE, Morningstars, 5space, WinterStars, l3go82, bmo28, ABlazingEBoy, Xx_uwumaster_xX, Shonisaurus, A_Hundred_Ninjas, Vermox, Bjorn_bernarsson, WarheroesINC
crafted/slime_ball                      2304        FriskTempest
crafted/slime_block                     14503       Morningstars
crafted/smithing_table                  407         Josuke___
crafted/smoker                          47          NotFromTexas
crafted/smooth_quartz                   2465        Apertur
crafted/smooth_quartz_slab              474         NiceCukBro69
crafted/smooth_quartz_stairs            156         Apertur
crafted/smooth_red_sandstone            41          bmo28
crafted/smooth_red_sandstone_slab       6           5space
crafted/smooth_red_sandstone_stairs     24          Silloter
crafted/smooth_sandstone                5356        Dasckepur
crafted/smooth_sandstone_slab           1728        Dasckepur
crafted/smooth_sandstone_stairs         240         Mobzillahz
crafted/smooth_stone                    4997        titaniumcow
crafted/smooth_stone_slab               4262        SonOfDemise
crafted/snow                            268         PlNEAPPLE
crafted/snow_block                      6725        Morningstars
crafted/spectral_arrow                  166         NoLongerCreative
crafted/sponge                          1477        Scytrogen
crafted/spruce_boat                     1280        Gokal
crafted/spruce_button                   3627        ItsXaver
crafted/spruce_door                     165         stefanprinc
crafted/spruce_fence                    1785        Skizzili
crafted/spruce_fence_gate               3070        Bomo
crafted/spruce_log                      47          NightOwl2148
crafted/spruce_planks                   76803       PlNEAPPLE
crafted/spruce_pressure_plate           141         FoxRaid
crafted/spruce_sign                     731         Bjorn_bernarsson
crafted/spruce_slab                     13242       Skizzili
crafted/spruce_stairs                   4506        RaiseTheBar
crafted/spruce_trapdoor                 1952        fem____
crafted/spruce_wood                     3099        Skizzili
crafted/stick                           180603      TheDoctor7562
crafted/sticky_piston                   258         Labammba
crafted/stone                           23852       IceRice
crafted/stone_axe                       473         Not_Pickles
crafted/stone_brick_slab                29774       5space
crafted/stone_brick_stairs              4396        exgodstatus
crafted/stone_brick_wall                2194        HalfOf2
crafted/stone_bricks                    28236       IceRice
crafted/stone_button                    2536        LoomisFire
crafted/stone_hoe                       83          Popsicle_n
crafted/stone_pickaxe                   474         Brokenpool
crafted/stone_pressure_plate            129         AustinIsntHere
crafted/stone_shovel                    271         TerJul2916
crafted/stone_slab                      8050        5space
crafted/stone_stairs                    780         mariab16_
crafted/stone_sword                     202         sokang
crafted/stonecutter                     38          titaniumcow
crafted/stripped_acacia_wood            48          intamd
crafted/stripped_birch_wood             147         Dasckepur
crafted/stripped_dark_oak_wood          12          zedrang
crafted/stripped_oak_wood               27          Apertur
crafted/stripped_spruce_wood            30          A_Hundred_Ninjas
crafted/sugar                           5507        FERRARI812A
crafted/sugar_cane                      1           YaBoiFast
crafted/suspicious_stew                 63          emowizgnome
crafted/terracotta                      1675        vvdb
crafted/tipped_arrow                    2445        IceRice
crafted/tnt                             5059        Dasckepur
crafted/tnt_minecart                    336         GoatTea
crafted/torch                           11320       Kalaconzti
crafted/trapped_chest                   32          NebulaWebula
crafted/trident                         4           TheDoctor7562
crafted/tripwire_hook                   128         Survivorjwh
crafted/tropical_fish_bucket            4           titaniumcow, HotCum69420
crafted/tube_coral_block                1           ShibeMlem, bmo28
crafted/turtle_helmet                   49          ABlazingEBoy
crafted/wheat                           12375       Kalaconzti
crafted/white_banner                    258         urseamajoris
crafted/white_bed                       161         paskeltw8
crafted/white_carpet                    10044       pink_wolf3
crafted/white_concrete_powder           34560       mariab16_
crafted/white_dye                       4941        xegmaster
crafted/white_glazed_terracotta         312         Cheese_Addict
crafted/white_shulker_box               74          gunnmaster4
crafted/white_stained_glass             2928        taorenxuan
crafted/white_stained_glass_pane        1480        MrPotat8os
crafted/white_terracotta                6024        5space
crafted/white_tulip                     12          TheDoctor7562
crafted/white_wool                      8228        Dasckepur
crafted/wooden_axe                      335         bxys
crafted/wooden_hoe                      84          Skizicks456
crafted/wooden_pickaxe                  112         titaniumcow
crafted/wooden_shovel                   298         hugewookie
crafted/wooden_sword                    268         Despacito298
crafted/writable_book                   573         titaniumcow
crafted/written_book                    507         titaniumcow
crafted/yellow_banner                   48          Shonisaurus
crafted/yellow_bed                      20          Vsa30
crafted/yellow_carpet                   978         BioticWhisper
crafted/yellow_concrete_powder          12288       TheDoctor7562
crafted/yellow_dye                      2597        TheDoctor7562
crafted/yellow_glazed_terracotta        96          Aight_Bet
crafted/yellow_shulker_box              29          AydenSWG
crafted/yellow_stained_glass            592         Ninobf
crafted/yellow_stained_glass_pane       192         WarheroesINC
crafted/yellow_terracotta               1032        TheDoctor7562
crafted/yellow_wool                     384         yaxley_peaks
custom/animals_bred                     2096        WinterStars
custom/aviate_one_cm                    999055594   A3eead
custom/bell_ring                        78941       TheDoctor7562
custom/boat_one_cm                      59266572    HyperGamer3500
custom/clean_armor                      19          Shonisaurus
custom/clean_banner                     161         Grifstar0
custom/clean_shulker_box                20          Vermox
custom/climb_one_cm                     8644057     Vermox
custom/crouch_one_cm                    16113915    WinterStars
custom/damage_absorbed                  47075       _squidman
custom/damage_blocked_by_shield         85009       Atomixx_125
custom/damage_dealt                     3541047     Vermox
custom/damage_dealt_absorbed            29503       Universz
custom/damage_dealt_resisted            20676       NebulaWebula
custom/damage_resisted                  62249465    iiEthan
custom/damage_taken                     51605640    6299355
custom/deaths                           1676        VooDooBR
custom/drop                             52467       Vermox
custom/eat_cake_slice                   534         Froggy_Jaiden
custom/enchant_item                     2111        IceRice
custom/fall_one_cm                      209718530   iiEthan
custom/fill_cauldron                    153         _pikmin_4_
custom/fish_caught                      5390        TheFancyPig
custom/fly_one_cm                       250549792   WinterStars
custom/horse_one_cm                     186370261   LazuliCrafter
custom/inspect_dispenser                521         Skizzili
custom/inspect_dropper                  2082        WinterStars
custom/inspect_hopper                   4093        Vermox
custom/interact_with_anvil              1186        AydenSWG
custom/interact_with_beacon             381         WinterStars
custom/interact_with_blast_furnace      2293        FriskTempest
custom/interact_with_brewingstand       2625        Dankinese
custom/interact_with_campfire           3348        Usernat123
custom/interact_with_cartography_table  110         Curtainn
custom/interact_with_crafting_table     2891        Vermox
custom/interact_with_furnace            4004        IceRice
custom/interact_with_grindstone         957         WinterStars
custom/interact_with_lectern            553         titaniumcow
custom/interact_with_loom               327         WarheroesINC
custom/interact_with_smoker             2835        Shadow15747
custom/interact_with_stonecutter        335         Curtainn
custom/jump                             717692      VooDooBR
custom/leave_game                       2192        Vermox
custom/minecart_one_cm                  100839606   ABlazingEBoy
custom/mob_kills                        150740      TheDoctor7562
custom/open_barrel                      16019       Froggy_Jaiden
custom/open_chest                       54263       WinterStars
custom/open_enderchest                  9830        Vermox
custom/open_shulker_box                 19786       WinterStars
custom/pig_one_cm                       11181276    iiEthan
custom/play_noteblock                   6497        TheDoctor7562
custom/play_one_minute                  57379117    titaniumcow
custom/play_record                      1131        titaniumcow
custom/player_kills                     1183        TheDoctor7562
custom/pot_flower                       62          Morningstars
custom/raid_trigger                     1067        TheDoctor7562
custom/raid_win                         804         TheDoctor7562
custom/sleep_in_bed                     661         Ninobf
custom/sneak_time                       4043289     Morningstars
custom/sprint_one_cm                    151349946   VooDooBR
custom/swim_one_cm                      28159194    Dasckepur
custom/talked_to_villager               12801       PlNEAPPLE
custom/time_since_death                 12533348    Tomiomii
custom/time_since_rest                  3309403     Brennont97
custom/traded_with_villager             26082       A3eead
custom/trigger_trapped_chest            2632        OpticsVision
custom/tune_noteblock                   97030       _noZen_
custom/use_cauldron                     151         _pikmin_4_
custom/walk_on_water_one_cm             8201848     Vermox
custom/walk_one_cm                      164161887   Vermox
custom/walk_under_water_one_cm          30049156    WinterStars
dropped/acacia_boat                     15          LimeishPingu
dropped/acacia_button                   256         cheeeeca
dropped/acacia_door                     60          LimeishPingu
dropped/acacia_fence                    101         TurtlesAreNice
dropped/acacia_fence_gate               2           5space
dropped/acacia_leaves                   1030        Scytrogen
dropped/acacia_log                      1130        TurtlesAreNice
dropped/acacia_planks                   259         Supremossaurus
dropped/acacia_pressure_plate           2           _X_Bow_, 0nionBomb, TurtlesAreNice
dropped/acacia_sapling                  383         LimeishPingu
dropped/acacia_sign                     20          LimeishPingu
dropped/acacia_slab                     384         LoomisFire
dropped/acacia_stairs                   63          Ga1axyX
dropped/acacia_trapdoor                 148         Apertur
dropped/acacia_wood                     40          A3eead
dropped/activator_rail                  64          Goatmir
dropped/allium                          25          Josuke___
dropped/andesite                        4464        Josuke___
dropped/andesite_slab                   160         MRDK_Redocchi
dropped/andesite_stairs                 126         MRDK_Redocchi
dropped/andesite_wall                   64          Asian_Sack
dropped/anvil                           8           iiEthan
dropped/apple                           723         A3eead
dropped/armor_stand                     130         titaniumcow
dropped/arrow                           31206       iiUltra
dropped/azure_bluet                     808         xegmaster
dropped/baked_potato                    4637        LoomisFire
dropped/bamboo                          7271        ahshen1007
dropped/barrel                          202         vvdb
dropped/barrier                         6           iiEthan
dropped/bat_spawn_egg                   1           iiEthan
dropped/beacon                          262         paskeltw8
dropped/bedrock                         32          iiEthan
dropped/bee_nest                        28          Vermox
dropped/beef                            376         titaniumcow
dropped/beehive                         16          Shonisaurus
dropped/beetroot                        322         titaniumcow
dropped/beetroot_seeds                  1599        Not_Pickles
dropped/beetroot_soup                   196         Melancholical
dropped/bell                            15          Universz
dropped/birch_boat                      44          LoomisFire
dropped/birch_button                    316         Skizzili
dropped/birch_door                      26          LemonPi3
dropped/birch_fence                     101         gerbilcity
dropped/birch_fence_gate                60          xegmaster
dropped/birch_leaves                    3315        Morningstars
dropped/birch_log                       1163        SamanthaOwO
dropped/birch_planks                    2070        arabesquesE
dropped/birch_pressure_plate            287         MRDK_Redocchi
dropped/birch_sapling                   1965        Reilax
dropped/birch_sign                      325         WinterStars
dropped/birch_slab                      333         arabesquesE
dropped/birch_stairs                    94          DragonAM
dropped/birch_trapdoor                  65          Ninobf
dropped/birch_wood                      4084        Morningstars
dropped/black_banner                    42          WarheroesINC
dropped/black_bed                       21          LoomisFire
dropped/black_carpet                    115         VTD
dropped/black_concrete                  1716        GoatTea
dropped/black_concrete_powder           1026        ABlazingEBoy
dropped/black_dye                       2428        MRDK_Redocchi
dropped/black_glazed_terracotta         128         WinterStars
dropped/black_shulker_box               6           VooDooBR
dropped/black_stained_glass             15785       LoomisFire
dropped/black_stained_glass_pane        200         VooDooBR
dropped/black_terracotta                146         iiEthan
dropped/black_wool                      433         Atomixx_125
dropped/blast_furnace                   28          AveragelyBelow
dropped/blaze_powder                    209         Universz
dropped/blaze_rod                       1398        WinterStars
dropped/blue_banner                     16          NotFromTexas
dropped/blue_bed                        6           AlphamasterJarne
dropped/blue_carpet                     64          Shunot
dropped/blue_concrete                   2057        iiEthan
dropped/blue_concrete_powder            2314        SokySergeant
dropped/blue_dye                        843         iiEthan
dropped/blue_glazed_terracotta          48          WinterStars
dropped/blue_ice                        2956        Bomo
dropped/blue_orchid                     26          thecounterwolf
dropped/blue_shulker_box                23          LoomisFire
dropped/blue_stained_glass              919         SamanthaOwO
dropped/blue_stained_glass_pane         33          titaniumcow
dropped/blue_terracotta                 2398        iiEthan
dropped/blue_wool                       256         Fjarri
dropped/bone                            13141       HyperGamer3500
dropped/bone_block                      4102        HypeZee
dropped/bone_meal                       2054        titaniumcow
dropped/book                            602         Universz
dropped/bookshelf                       327         titaniumcow
dropped/bow                             751         TheDoctor7562
dropped/bowl                            270         CeliacDisease
dropped/brain_coral                     3           TurtlesAreNice
dropped/brain_coral_block               25          dgfhij3
dropped/brain_coral_fan                 15          Pulpoide, LoomisFire
dropped/bread                           3967        LoomisFire
dropped/brewing_stand                   43          A3eead
dropped/brick                           2056        Skizzili
dropped/brick_slab                      40          bmo28
dropped/brick_stairs                    26          paskeltw8
dropped/brick_wall                      24          Morningstars
dropped/bricks                          436         DragonAM
dropped/brown_banner                    16          Silloter
dropped/brown_bed                       1           5space, mexicanbeatmaze7
dropped/brown_carpet                    20          Kalaconzti
dropped/brown_concrete                  64          iiEthan
dropped/brown_concrete_powder           7           HypeZee
dropped/brown_dye                       128         Atomixx_125, AlphamasterJarne, iiEthan
dropped/brown_glazed_terracotta         128         Cheese_Addict
dropped/brown_mushroom                  133         emowizgnome
dropped/brown_mushroom_block            344         GachiKiller
dropped/brown_shulker_box               3           AydenSWG
dropped/brown_stained_glass             23          Atomixx_125
dropped/brown_stained_glass_pane        32          sokang
dropped/brown_terracotta                347         VTD
dropped/brown_wool                      64          paskeltw8
dropped/bubble_coral                    6           Pulpoide
dropped/bubble_coral_block              59          Universz
dropped/bubble_coral_fan                24          LoomisFire
dropped/bucket                          497         iiEthan
dropped/cactus                          27484       Dankinese
dropped/cake                            265         titaniumcow
dropped/campfire                        38          kristalic
dropped/carrot                          19391       LoomisFire
dropped/carrot_on_a_stick               7           Shonisaurus
dropped/cartography_table               16          vmark26
dropped/carved_pumpkin                  131         xiaotoon
dropped/cauldron                        9           CR_O_WW
dropped/chainmail_boots                 121         Vasxus
dropped/chainmail_chestplate            31          TheDoctor7562, Gallerine
dropped/chainmail_helmet                47          LoomisFire
dropped/chainmail_leggings              43          _wariowo
dropped/charcoal                        989         Not_Pickles
dropped/chest                           553         Bloxx12
dropped/chest_minecart                  3           TheDoctor7562
dropped/chicken                         422         xiaotoon
dropped/chipped_anvil                   11          AtomicGlaive
dropped/chiseled_quartz_block           96          Ninobf
dropped/chiseled_red_sandstone          3           5space
dropped/chiseled_sandstone              33          bmo28
dropped/chiseled_stone_bricks           534         Bomo
dropped/chorus_flower                   65          Bomo
dropped/chorus_fruit                    1970        Bomo
dropped/clay                            1311        iiEthan
dropped/clay_ball                       440         TheThinkingPanda
dropped/clock                           7           Deku_scrub_uwu
dropped/coal                            6254        LoomisFire
dropped/coal_block                      1119        WinterStars
dropped/coal_ore                        838         Scytrogen
dropped/coarse_dirt                     624         _ghosti_
dropped/cobblestone                     64655       Josuke___
dropped/cobblestone_slab                5067        Universz
dropped/cobblestone_stairs              522         WinterStars
dropped/cobblestone_wall                2048        vojklen
dropped/cobweb                          375         Projekt_Suzume
dropped/cocoa_beans                     286         BirbOnTheWay
dropped/cod                             10920       Scytrogen
dropped/cod_bucket                      16          IntrovertDeity
dropped/command_block                   1           MarioFoli
dropped/comparator                      135         Bloxx12
dropped/compass                         59          VooDooBR
dropped/composter                       26          Skizzili
dropped/conduit                         8           Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/cooked_beef                     1935        Universz
dropped/cooked_chicken                  1142        titaniumcow
dropped/cooked_cod                      2028        iiired
dropped/cooked_mutton                   369         Bread_Bear_Boi
dropped/cooked_porkchop                 1944        TheDoctor7562
dropped/cooked_rabbit                   32          Crack3RSss
dropped/cooked_salmon                   232         Pieliam
dropped/cookie                          2470        xegmaster
dropped/cornflower                      555         iiUltra
dropped/cracked_stone_bricks            717         Cyboogie
dropped/crafting_table                  2201        titaniumcow
dropped/creeper_banner_pattern          2           Deku_scrub_uwu
dropped/creeper_head                    6           TheDoctor7562
dropped/creeper_spawn_egg               1           MarioFoli
dropped/crossbow                        2506        TheDoctor7562
dropped/cut_red_sandstone               1           5space
dropped/cut_red_sandstone_slab          6           5space
dropped/cut_sandstone                   311         jonathanpie
dropped/cut_sandstone_slab              156         EggoPhobic
dropped/cyan_banner                     1           Morningstars, 5space, _noZen_
dropped/cyan_bed                        10          iiEthan
dropped/cyan_carpet                     28          WarheroesINC
dropped/cyan_concrete                   7711        Bloxx12
dropped/cyan_concrete_powder            6785        Ohelnko
dropped/cyan_dye                        272         iiEthan
dropped/cyan_glazed_terracotta          8           5space
dropped/cyan_shulker_box                3           HotCum69420, AydenSWG
dropped/cyan_stained_glass              2834        Ohelnko
dropped/cyan_stained_glass_pane         42          Vermox
dropped/cyan_terracotta                 809         Apertur
dropped/cyan_wool                       68          _noZen_
dropped/damaged_anvil                   4           ShibeMlem
dropped/dandelion                       1308        iiUltra
dropped/dark_oak_boat                   175         LoomisFire
dropped/dark_oak_button                 3973        pink_wolf3
dropped/dark_oak_door                   128         kristalic
dropped/dark_oak_fence                  914         LoomisFire
dropped/dark_oak_fence_gate             2084        P4nD4_Prodigy
dropped/dark_oak_leaves                 4487        _ghosti_
dropped/dark_oak_log                    5187        deceiverW
dropped/dark_oak_planks                 4131        Ohelnko
dropped/dark_oak_pressure_plate         64          Ohelnko
dropped/dark_oak_sapling                1251        Buitragox
dropped/dark_oak_sign                   441         WinterStars
dropped/dark_oak_slab                   1820        P4nD4_Prodigy
dropped/dark_oak_stairs                 559         LoomisFire
dropped/dark_oak_trapdoor               156         IcyToast713
dropped/dark_oak_wood                   192         LoomisFire
dropped/dark_prismarine                 490         taorenxuan
dropped/dark_prismarine_slab            80          Ninobf
dropped/dark_prismarine_stairs          160         A3eead
dropped/daylight_detector               40          HotCum69420
dropped/dead_brain_coral                1           5space, LoomisFire, bmo28, Shonisaurus
dropped/dead_brain_coral_block          38          Gallerine
dropped/dead_brain_coral_fan            1           5space, bmo28, Shonisaurus
dropped/dead_bubble_coral               1           5space, bmo28, Shonisaurus
dropped/dead_bubble_coral_block         12          Gallerine
dropped/dead_bubble_coral_fan           1           5space, bmo28, Shonisaurus
dropped/dead_bush                       12          Shonisaurus
dropped/dead_fire_coral                 1           5space, Shonisaurus
dropped/dead_fire_coral_block           64          tree_house_boyz, sokang
dropped/dead_fire_coral_fan             1           5space, bmo28, Shonisaurus
dropped/dead_horn_coral                 2           bmo28
dropped/dead_horn_coral_block           129         Gallerine
dropped/dead_horn_coral_fan             1           5space, bmo28, Shonisaurus
dropped/dead_tube_coral                 1           5space, bmo28, Shonisaurus
dropped/dead_tube_coral_block           144         Gallerine
dropped/dead_tube_coral_fan             1           5space, bmo28, Shonisaurus
dropped/debug_stick                     2           iiEthan
dropped/detector_rail                   64          ShibeMlem
dropped/diamond                         3511        TheDoctor7562
dropped/diamond_axe                     92          MRDK_Redocchi
dropped/diamond_block                   6917        iiEthan
dropped/diamond_boots                   175         WinterStars
dropped/diamond_chestplate              177         WinterStars
dropped/diamond_helmet                  189         Universz
dropped/diamond_hoe                     13          WinterStars
dropped/diamond_horse_armor             6           A3eead
dropped/diamond_leggings                177         WinterStars
dropped/diamond_ore                     242         pink_wolf3
dropped/diamond_pickaxe                 146         WinterStars
dropped/diamond_shovel                  50          MarioFoli, iiEthan
dropped/diamond_sword                   223         MarioFoli
dropped/diorite                         4138        Josuke___
dropped/diorite_slab                    126         xegmaster
dropped/diorite_stairs                  202         BirbOnTheWay
dropped/diorite_wall                    60          iWeabs
dropped/dirt                            14074       Ninobf
dropped/dispenser                       34          Apertur
dropped/dragon_breath                   147         xiaotoon
dropped/dragon_egg                      2           DragonAM, Drew__
dropped/dragon_head                     28          A3eead
dropped/dried_kelp                      487         Stressed_Jackdaw, Universz
dropped/dried_kelp_block                266         Krok_Karot
dropped/dropper                         52          _squidman
dropped/egg                             2036        Proatus
dropped/elytra                          81          iiEthan
dropped/emerald                         2758        A3eead
dropped/emerald_block                   3118        pink_wolf3
dropped/emerald_ore                     46          Shonisaurus
dropped/enchanted_book                  732         TheDoctor7562
dropped/enchanted_golden_apple          273         MarioFoli
dropped/enchanting_table                4           titaniumcow, AydenSWG
dropped/end_crystal                     569         pink_wolf3
dropped/end_rod                         1357        A3eead
dropped/end_stone                       126965      Skizzili
dropped/end_stone_brick_slab            1399        WinterStars
dropped/end_stone_brick_stairs          278         WinterStars
dropped/end_stone_brick_wall            372         titaniumcow
dropped/end_stone_bricks                1353        deceiverW
dropped/ender_chest                     49          peaguy
dropped/ender_eye                       190         A3eead
dropped/ender_pearl                     66288       TheDoctor7562
dropped/experience_bottle               128         Shonisaurus
dropped/farmland                        1           iiEthan
dropped/feather                         2134        VooDooBR
dropped/fermented_spider_eye            35          FriskTempest
dropped/fern                            18          ketn_
dropped/filled_map                      701         iiEthan
dropped/fire_charge                     19          titaniumcow
dropped/fire_coral                      3           5space, Pulpoide
dropped/fire_coral_block                19          Wandlore22
dropped/fire_coral_fan                  18          BirbOnTheWay
dropped/firework_rocket                 38875       Dasckepur
dropped/firework_star                   64          ABlazingEBoy
dropped/fishing_rod                     36          TheFancyPig
dropped/fletching_table                 10          5space
dropped/flint                           1032        Ohelnko
dropped/flint_and_steel                 116         iiEthan
dropped/flower_banner_pattern           4           Morningstars
dropped/flower_pot                      30          Froggy_Jaiden
dropped/furnace                         519         jabby123321
dropped/furnace_minecart                6           BjonkBoi
dropped/ghast_tear                      543         xiaonoot
dropped/glass                           42131       LoomisFire
dropped/glass_bottle                    3092        WinterStars
dropped/glass_pane                      730         arabesquesE
dropped/glistering_melon_slice          10          CeliacDisease, Foxy_The_Farmer
dropped/globe_banner_pattern            15          TheDoctor7562
dropped/glowstone                       449         TheDoctor7562
dropped/glowstone_dust                  1697        TheDoctor7562
dropped/gold_block                      4166        A3eead
dropped/gold_ingot                      4077        A3eead
dropped/gold_nugget                     268569      A3eead
dropped/gold_ore                        210         P4nD4_Prodigy
dropped/golden_apple                    2075        Universz
dropped/golden_axe                      19          titaniumcow
dropped/golden_boots                    49          Tomiomii
dropped/golden_carrot                   4757        A3eead
dropped/golden_chestplate               42          TheDoctor7562
dropped/golden_helmet                   50          TheDoctor7562
dropped/golden_hoe                      16          titaniumcow
dropped/golden_horse_armor              9           A3eead
dropped/golden_leggings                 44          Tomiomii
dropped/golden_pickaxe                  31          titaniumcow
dropped/golden_shovel                   61          titaniumcow
dropped/golden_sword                    5740        Universz
dropped/granite                         4689        titaniumcow
dropped/granite_slab                    128         Grifstar0
dropped/granite_stairs                  4           5space
dropped/granite_wall                    6           5space
dropped/grass                           776         xiaotoon
dropped/grass_block                     3353        WinterStars
dropped/gravel                          4373        Josuke___
dropped/gray_banner                     2           BreadyReady
dropped/gray_bed                        3           WinterStars, Skizzili
dropped/gray_carpet                     50          iiEthan
dropped/gray_concrete                   1961        Apertur
dropped/gray_concrete_powder            1288        VooDooBR
dropped/gray_dye                        946         iiUltra
dropped/gray_glazed_terracotta          17          WinterStars
dropped/gray_shulker_box                10          iiEthan
dropped/gray_stained_glass              232         xegmaster
dropped/gray_stained_glass_pane         320         xegmaster
dropped/gray_terracotta                 323         iiEthan
dropped/gray_wool                       400         Apertur
dropped/green_banner                    3           TheDoctor7562
dropped/green_bed                       3           titaniumcow
dropped/green_carpet                    27          SSKitti_Wake, ScottishCheese13
dropped/green_concrete                  186         ShibeMlem
dropped/green_concrete_powder           256         Ohelnko
dropped/green_dye                       1680        TerJul2916
dropped/green_glazed_terracotta         68          OpticsVision
dropped/green_shulker_box               6           A3eead
dropped/green_stained_glass             8           Froggy_Jaiden, xiaotoon
dropped/green_stained_glass_pane        16          5space
dropped/green_terracotta                157         iiEthan
dropped/green_wool                      125         Fjarri
dropped/grindstone                      15          VooDooBR
dropped/gunpowder                       17248       iiEthan
dropped/hay_block                       192         Crack3RSss
dropped/heart_of_the_sea                131         Vermox
dropped/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate   839         iiEthan
dropped/honey_block                     142         Percival0707
dropped/honey_bottle                    128         Percival0707
dropped/honeycomb                       456         Pulpoide
dropped/honeycomb_block                 64          VooDooBR
dropped/hopper                          239         xiaotoon
dropped/hopper_minecart                 11          TheDoctor7562
dropped/horn_coral                      1           5space, Universz, GJob, HypeZee, TurtlesAreNice, BirbOnTheWay
dropped/horn_coral_block                25          A3eead
dropped/horn_coral_fan                  58          Morningstars
dropped/ice                             621         vojklen
dropped/infested_stone_bricks           1           Cheese_Addict
dropped/ink_sac                         1303        Morningstars
dropped/iron_axe                        1650        WinterStars
dropped/iron_bars                       241         titaniumcow
dropped/iron_block                      6278        Percival0707
dropped/iron_boots                      50          Universz
dropped/iron_chestplate                 47          Universz
dropped/iron_door                       68          Vermox
dropped/iron_helmet                     150         Morningstars
dropped/iron_hoe                        12          iiEthan
dropped/iron_horse_armor                3           RainbowCandyGirl, pink_wolf3, Apertur, VTD, BosssBattle, Boazer42, Skizzili
dropped/iron_ingot                      9816        Goatmir
dropped/iron_leggings                   37          titaniumcow
dropped/iron_nugget                     2115        oscarsgon
dropped/iron_ore                        835         P4nD4_Prodigy
dropped/iron_pickaxe                    54          Universz
dropped/iron_shovel                     35          pink_wolf3
dropped/iron_sword                      66          Universz
dropped/iron_trapdoor                   70          Bomo
dropped/item_frame                      257         iiEthan
dropped/jack_o_lantern                  757         A3eead
dropped/jukebox                         6           titaniumcow
dropped/jungle_boat                     43          Bloxx12
dropped/jungle_button                   84          WinterStars
dropped/jungle_door                     12          5space
dropped/jungle_fence                    180         A3eead
dropped/jungle_fence_gate               1307        WinterStars
dropped/jungle_leaves                   1865        Crack3RSss
dropped/jungle_log                      1124        TheDoctor7562
dropped/jungle_planks                   7159        WinterStars
dropped/jungle_pressure_plate           4           5space, Jebenak
dropped/jungle_sapling                  1467        TheDoctor7562
dropped/jungle_sign                     96          WinterStars
dropped/jungle_slab                     1152        Sammy_Wolfje
dropped/jungle_stairs                   27          Crack3RSss
dropped/jungle_trapdoor                 360         Not_Pickles
dropped/jungle_wood                     320         TheDoctor7562
dropped/kelp                            5668        WinterStars
dropped/ladder                          374         SamanthaOwO
dropped/lantern                         790         iiEthan
dropped/lapis_block                     638         iiEthan
dropped/lapis_lazuli                    3079        Josuke___
dropped/lapis_ore                       120         pyrofail
dropped/large_fern                      3           OnlyBlankStares
dropped/lava_bucket                     91          iiEthan
dropped/lead                            66          BosssBattle
dropped/leather                         954         Dankinese
dropped/leather_boots                   47          Morningstars
dropped/leather_chestplate              39          NoLongerCreative
dropped/leather_helmet                  43          iiUltra
dropped/leather_horse_armor             7           willt_7
dropped/leather_leggings                43          TheDoctor7562
dropped/lectern                         53          LoomisFire
dropped/lever                           168         VTD
dropped/light_blue_banner               18          titaniumcow
dropped/light_blue_bed                  38          titaniumcow
dropped/light_blue_carpet               232         iiEthan
dropped/light_blue_concrete             2386        iiEthan
dropped/light_blue_concrete_powder      960         HotCum69420
dropped/light_blue_dye                  384         AydenSWG
dropped/light_blue_glazed_terracotta    47          kristalic
dropped/light_blue_shulker_box          9           AydenSWG
dropped/light_blue_stained_glass        1317        iiUltra
dropped/light_blue_stained_glass_pane   128         therealdanka69
dropped/light_blue_terracotta           2552        iiEthan
dropped/light_blue_wool                 396         iiEthan
dropped/light_gray_banner               1           5space
dropped/light_gray_bed                  4           Bomo, PepsiPlaysMC
dropped/light_gray_carpet               555         iiEthan
dropped/light_gray_concrete             1443        _noZen_
dropped/light_gray_concrete_powder      576         Ninobf
dropped/light_gray_dye                  641         paskeltw8
dropped/light_gray_glazed_terracotta    35          WinterStars
dropped/light_gray_shulker_box          6           LoomisFire
dropped/light_gray_stained_glass        2045        Sammy_Wolfje
dropped/light_gray_stained_glass_pane   107         RaiseTheBar
dropped/light_gray_terracotta           322         iiEthan
dropped/light_gray_wool                 215         LaFayette12
dropped/light_weighted_pressure_plate   240         pink_wolf3
dropped/lilac                           22          Curtainn
dropped/lily_of_the_valley              18          Bomo
dropped/lily_pad                        62          MedievalHeat
dropped/lime_banner                     9           Froggy_Jaiden
dropped/lime_bed                        2           thex23
dropped/lime_carpet                     136         Froggy_Jaiden
dropped/lime_concrete                   1152        gunnmaster4
dropped/lime_concrete_powder            256         RainbowCandyGirl
dropped/lime_dye                        130         Dankinese
dropped/lime_glazed_terracotta          32          Cheese_Addict
dropped/lime_shulker_box                20          iiEthan
dropped/lime_stained_glass              929         Buitragox
dropped/lime_stained_glass_pane         16          5space, sokang
dropped/lime_terracotta                 572         N0ODL3S
dropped/lime_wool                       368         BirbOnTheWay
dropped/lingering_potion                11          A3eead
dropped/loom                            11          A_Hundred_Ninjas
dropped/magenta_banner                  14          A3eead
dropped/magenta_bed                     3           iiUltra
dropped/magenta_carpet                  10          Morningstars
dropped/magenta_concrete                48          RainbowCandyGirl, katie2028
dropped/magenta_concrete_powder         32          TheDoctor7562
dropped/magenta_dye                     64          Bomo
dropped/magenta_glazed_terracotta       8           5space
dropped/magenta_shulker_box             2           xiaotoon, AydenSWG
dropped/magenta_stained_glass           73          iiEthan
dropped/magenta_stained_glass_pane      32          sokang
dropped/magenta_terracotta              192         AydenSWG
dropped/magenta_wool                    19          gibsystem
dropped/magma_block                     426         SonOfDemise
dropped/magma_cream                     256         kakarota
dropped/map                             65          GoatTea, l3go82
dropped/melon                           12031       titaniumcow
dropped/melon_seeds                     1242        Zoinkles
dropped/melon_slice                     70999       A3eead
dropped/milk_bucket                     37          iiEthan
dropped/minecart                        68          WinterStars
dropped/mojang_banner_pattern           1           HoleInMyHouse
dropped/mossy_cobblestone               828         Morningstars
dropped/mossy_cobblestone_slab          24          Pulpoide
dropped/mossy_cobblestone_stairs        4           5space
dropped/mossy_cobblestone_wall          12          5space
dropped/mossy_stone_brick_slab          12          flicck
dropped/mossy_stone_brick_stairs        64          Ohelnko
dropped/mossy_stone_brick_wall          6           5space
dropped/mossy_stone_bricks              948         Cyboogie
dropped/mushroom_stem                   1481        iiEthan
dropped/mushroom_stew                   350         BirbOnTheWay
dropped/music_disc_11                   7           NotPaint
dropped/music_disc_13                   7           Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/music_disc_blocks               12          NotPaint
dropped/music_disc_cat                  16          NotPaint
dropped/music_disc_chirp                8           Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/music_disc_far                  6           NotPaint, Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/music_disc_mall                 5           Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/music_disc_mellohi              6           Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/music_disc_stal                 16          Ga1axyX
dropped/music_disc_strad                8           NotPaint
dropped/music_disc_wait                 11          NotPaint
dropped/music_disc_ward                 8           NotPaint
dropped/mutton                          147         PeruvianPork
dropped/mycelium                        157         Morningstars
dropped/name_tag                        68          TheDoctor7562
dropped/nautilus_shell                  101         TheDoctor7562
dropped/nether_brick                    1833        flicck
dropped/nether_brick_fence              355         WinterStars
dropped/nether_brick_slab               707         5space
dropped/nether_brick_stairs             32          iWeabs
dropped/nether_brick_wall               148         Golwarrior80, Buitragox
dropped/nether_bricks                   970         Tomiomii
dropped/nether_quartz_ore               770         OpticsVision
dropped/nether_star                     35          AtomicGlaive
dropped/nether_wart                     1024        Percival0707
dropped/nether_wart_block               173         TerJul2916
dropped/netherrack                      40681       WinterStars
dropped/note_block                      230         Ohelnko
dropped/oak_boat                        122         VooDooBR, iiEthan
dropped/oak_button                      645         Skizzili
dropped/oak_door                        117         FriskTempest
dropped/oak_fence                       1462        HotCum69420
dropped/oak_fence_gate                  22          Bloxx12
dropped/oak_leaves                      5470        Dankinese
dropped/oak_log                         3866        Dankinese
dropped/oak_planks                      2350        Boomdacow
dropped/oak_pressure_plate              11          mexicanbeatmaze7
dropped/oak_sapling                     2100        Buitragox
dropped/oak_sign                        725         iiEthan
dropped/oak_slab                        759         LoomisFire
dropped/oak_stairs                      184         Dasckepur
dropped/oak_trapdoor                    890         Buitragox
dropped/oak_wood                        192         iiEthan
dropped/observer                        592         titaniumcow
dropped/obsidian                        5986        Vermox
dropped/orange_banner                   3           Vermox
dropped/orange_bed                      50          titaniumcow
dropped/orange_carpet                   25          xiaotoon
dropped/orange_concrete                 301         iiEthan
dropped/orange_concrete_powder          35          Hunt191
dropped/orange_dye                      64          MarioFoli, Hunt191, ContrarianSon
dropped/orange_glazed_terracotta        32          WinterStars
dropped/orange_shulker_box              8           AydenSWG
dropped/orange_stained_glass            592         SokySergeant
dropped/orange_stained_glass_pane       16          5space, sokang
dropped/orange_terracotta               532         N0ODL3S
dropped/orange_tulip                    23          Josuke___
dropped/orange_wool                     35          PR_Carti
dropped/oxeye_daisy                     1121        xegmaster
dropped/packed_ice                      4725        Bomo
dropped/painting                        31          WinterStars
dropped/paper                           3410        Kalaconzti
dropped/peony                           222         Apertur
dropped/phantom_membrane                959         Bloxx12
dropped/pig_spawn_egg                   11          thex23
dropped/pink_banner                     2           RoxySimp
dropped/pink_bed                        7           Alint, iiEthan
dropped/pink_carpet                     64          Atomixx_125
dropped/pink_concrete                   334         iiEthan
dropped/pink_concrete_powder            30          Hunt191
dropped/pink_dye                        74          Paintbal
dropped/pink_glazed_terracotta          57          WinterStars
dropped/pink_shulker_box                17          Grifstar0
dropped/pink_stained_glass              78          AlmostPotato
dropped/pink_stained_glass_pane         32          sokang
dropped/pink_terracotta                 64          WinterStars, flicck
dropped/pink_tulip                      49          peeingmayo
dropped/pink_wool                       121         FoxShine
dropped/piston                          202         xiaotoon
dropped/player_head                     141         MarioFoli
dropped/podzol                          2577        LoomisFire
dropped/poisonous_potato                253         LimeishPingu
dropped/polished_andesite               463         Universz
dropped/polished_andesite_slab          214         iiUltra
dropped/polished_andesite_stairs        124         Not_Pickles
dropped/polished_diorite                450         titaniumcow
dropped/polished_diorite_slab           222         WinterStars
dropped/polished_diorite_stairs         232         IceRice
dropped/polished_granite                571         Tomiomii
dropped/polished_granite_slab           60          nice_try_sir
dropped/polished_granite_stairs         44          iiEthan
dropped/popped_chorus_fruit             128         HoleInMyHouse
dropped/poppy                           5853        Morningstars
dropped/porkchop                        87          iiEthan
dropped/potato                          19120       LimeishPingu
dropped/potion                          520         _squidman
dropped/powered_rail                    1153        Universz
dropped/prismarine                      824         iiEthan
dropped/prismarine_brick_slab           21          WinterStars
dropped/prismarine_brick_stairs         100         Pulpoide
dropped/prismarine_bricks               1024        Gallerine
dropped/prismarine_crystals             7007        Scytrogen
dropped/prismarine_shard                8363        Scytrogen
dropped/prismarine_slab                 1925        Ohelnko
dropped/prismarine_stairs               18          Pulpoide
dropped/prismarine_wall                 64          Pulpoide
dropped/pufferfish                      246         MedievalHeat
dropped/pufferfish_bucket               2           iiUltra, VooDooBR
dropped/pumpkin                         5757        A3eead
dropped/pumpkin_pie                     268         MarioFoli
dropped/pumpkin_seeds                   4212        xiaotoon
dropped/purple_banner                   12          Buitragox
dropped/purple_bed                      44          WinterStars
dropped/purple_carpet                   31          Discale
dropped/purple_concrete                 330         AydenSWG
dropped/purple_concrete_powder          88          TerJul2916
dropped/purple_dye                      171         AtomicGlaive
dropped/purple_glazed_terracotta        24          Bloxx12
dropped/purple_shulker_box              4           iiUltra, cheezytank, LoomisFire
dropped/purple_stained_glass            384         pyrofail
dropped/purple_stained_glass_pane       215         AtomicGlaive
dropped/purple_terracotta               64          WinterStars
dropped/purple_wool                     211         LoomisFire
dropped/purpur_block                    701         Bomo
dropped/purpur_pillar                   378         A3eead
dropped/purpur_slab                     200         Bomo
dropped/purpur_stairs                   190         A3eead
dropped/quartz                          3376        Tomiomii
dropped/quartz_block                    560         Kalaconzti
dropped/quartz_pillar                   219         Ohelnko
dropped/quartz_slab                     666         Ohelnko
dropped/quartz_stairs                   64          therealdanka69
dropped/rabbit                          41          5space
dropped/rabbit_foot                     9           LoomisFire
dropped/rabbit_hide                     62          LoomisFire
dropped/rabbit_stew                     65          WinterStars
dropped/rail                            1068        dvckiz
dropped/red_banner                      13          TerJul2916, HoleInMyHouse
dropped/red_bed                         23          Hilton2198
dropped/red_carpet                      96          titaniumcow
dropped/red_concrete                    883         iiEthan
dropped/red_concrete_powder             532         iiEthan
dropped/red_dye                         687         pink_wolf3
dropped/red_glazed_terracotta           182         WinterStars
dropped/red_mushroom                    92          WinterStars
dropped/red_mushroom_block              296         ABlazingEBoy
dropped/red_nether_brick_slab           6           5space
dropped/red_nether_brick_stairs         6           HypeZee
dropped/red_nether_brick_wall           6           5space
dropped/red_nether_bricks               137         PixelCorruptionz
dropped/red_sand                        1159        LittleCaesars_
dropped/red_sandstone                   1           EpicPoggers
dropped/red_sandstone_slab              6           5space
dropped/red_sandstone_stairs            4           5space
dropped/red_sandstone_wall              6           5space
dropped/red_shulker_box                 93          KevinFeige
dropped/red_stained_glass               126         flicck
dropped/red_stained_glass_pane          64          A4r4
dropped/red_terracotta                  511         WinterStars
dropped/red_tulip                       39          Josuke___
dropped/red_wool                        118         Cloudeater1
dropped/redstone                        11246       Josuke___
dropped/redstone_block                  1292        AtomicGlaive
dropped/redstone_lamp                   283         dapp3r
dropped/redstone_ore                    1579        Bjorn_bernarsson
dropped/redstone_torch                  90          Personpacman
dropped/repeater                        176         iiEthan
dropped/rose_bush                       66          Josuke___
dropped/rotten_flesh                    113459      Universz
dropped/saddle                          841         WinterStars
dropped/salmon                          195         Scytrogen
dropped/salmon_bucket                   5           Milo45
dropped/salmon_spawn_egg                1           iiEthan
dropped/sand                            50577       LoomisFire
dropped/sandstone                       5162        TurtlesAreNice
dropped/sandstone_slab                  576         VooDooBR
dropped/sandstone_stairs                832         kristalic
dropped/sandstone_wall                  43          Dasckepur
dropped/scaffolding                     865         pink_wolf3
dropped/scute                           128         Shonisaurus
dropped/sea_lantern                     1046        Ohelnko
dropped/sea_pickle                      364         Diamond_Miner317
dropped/seagrass                        142         A3eead
dropped/shears                          131         WinterStars
dropped/shield                          63          Universz
dropped/shulker_box                     165         Skizzili
dropped/shulker_shell                   460         A3eead
dropped/skeleton_skull                  3           TheDoctor7562
dropped/skull_banner_pattern            1           arabesquesE, Morningstars, WinterStars
dropped/slime_ball                      22303       Morningstars
dropped/slime_block                     11482       Morningstars
dropped/smithing_table                  9           Ohelnko
dropped/smoker                          7           PeruvianPork
dropped/smooth_quartz                   791         Apertur
dropped/smooth_quartz_slab              15          iiEthan
dropped/smooth_quartz_stairs            134         iiUltra
dropped/smooth_red_sandstone            7           5space
dropped/smooth_red_sandstone_slab       6           5space
dropped/smooth_red_sandstone_stairs     8           Silloter
dropped/smooth_sandstone                960         AydenSWG
dropped/smooth_sandstone_slab           45          HypeZee
dropped/smooth_sandstone_stairs         15          BlueDemonTR
dropped/smooth_stone                    4656        NotFromTexas
dropped/smooth_stone_slab               2117        Ninobf
dropped/snow                            742         A3eead
dropped/snow_block                      482         Bomo
dropped/snowball                        1181        Vermox
dropped/soul_sand                       1472        Pulpoide
dropped/spectral_arrow                  33          5space
dropped/spider_eye                      3666        WinterStars
dropped/splash_potion                   108         WinterStars
dropped/sponge                          156         A3eead
dropped/spruce_boat                     1314        Despacito298
dropped/spruce_button                   689         iiEthan
dropped/spruce_door                     106         Not_Pickles
dropped/spruce_fence                    491         Apertur
dropped/spruce_fence_gate               384         iiired
dropped/spruce_leaves                   5716        Skizzili
dropped/spruce_log                      4271        iiired
dropped/spruce_planks                   5177        Froggy_Jaiden
dropped/spruce_pressure_plate           66          PlNEAPPLE
dropped/spruce_sapling                  10899       bxys
dropped/spruce_sign                     336         AydenSWG
dropped/spruce_slab                     867         vvdb
dropped/spruce_stairs                   439         weetag
dropped/spruce_trapdoor                 329         gunnmaster4
dropped/spruce_wood                     48          Xx_uwumaster_xX
dropped/squid_spawn_egg                 1           iiEthan
dropped/stick                           20282       WinterStars
dropped/sticky_piston                   41          A3eead
dropped/stone                           58063       Vermox
dropped/stone_axe                       55          Universz
dropped/stone_brick_slab                2221        Skizzili
dropped/stone_brick_stairs              230         iiEthan
dropped/stone_brick_wall                406         HalfOf2
dropped/stone_bricks                    3903        N0ODL3S
dropped/stone_button                    1002        A3eead
dropped/stone_hoe                       59          oscarsgon
dropped/stone_pickaxe                   62          Ohelnko
dropped/stone_pressure_plate            19          iiEthan
dropped/stone_shovel                    98          Ohelnko
dropped/stone_slab                      1859        Apertur
dropped/stone_stairs                    512         mariab16_
dropped/stone_sword                     951         IceRice
dropped/stonecutter                     7           Popsicle_n, iiEthan, sokang
dropped/string                          8530        IcyToast713
dropped/stripped_acacia_log             4           OpticsVision
dropped/stripped_acacia_wood            1           Curtainn
dropped/stripped_birch_log              29          Pulpoide
dropped/stripped_birch_wood             13          Morningstars
dropped/stripped_dark_oak_log           183         Basement_Fridge
dropped/stripped_dark_oak_wood          4           cheeeeca
dropped/stripped_jungle_log             14          BirbOnTheWay
dropped/stripped_oak_log                263         Apertur
dropped/stripped_oak_wood               8           Aimy2005
dropped/stripped_spruce_log             70          Omikronin
dropped/stripped_spruce_wood            3           Deku_scrub_uwu
dropped/sugar                           3004        WinterStars
dropped/sugar_cane                      4865        iiEthan
dropped/sunflower                       6467        VooDooBR
dropped/suspicious_stew                 29          emowizgnome
dropped/sweet_berries                   1018        Falloree
dropped/tall_grass                      2           WatchThatMouth
dropped/terracotta                      2303        TheDoctor7562
dropped/tipped_arrow                    390         Universz
dropped/tnt                             2529        iiEthan
dropped/tnt_minecart                    66          GoatTea
dropped/torch                           2297        iiEthan
dropped/totem_of_undying                3248        WinterStars
dropped/trapped_chest                   4           Luca_Caragiale
dropped/trident                         57          iiEthan
dropped/tripwire_hook                   17          MedievalHeat
dropped/tropical_fish                   38          MedievalHeat
dropped/tropical_fish_bucket            9           AydenSWG
dropped/tube_coral                      4           TurtlesAreNice
dropped/tube_coral_block                17          AydenSWG
dropped/tube_coral_fan                  21          HypeZee
dropped/turtle_egg                      113         _ghosti_
dropped/turtle_helmet                   29          noodles_for_you
dropped/villager_spawn_egg              2           flicck, iiEthan
dropped/vine                            119         BirbOnTheWay
dropped/water_bucket                    171         iiEthan
dropped/wet_sponge                      196         A3eead
dropped/wheat                           2248        Stammi2312
dropped/wheat_seeds                     13178       Skizzili
dropped/white_banner                    5904        WinterStars
dropped/white_bed                       45          WinterStars
dropped/white_carpet                    629         paskeltw8
dropped/white_concrete                  2437        mariab16_
dropped/white_concrete_powder           3134        Ohelnko
dropped/white_dye                       561         IcyToast713
dropped/white_glazed_terracotta         323         Cheese_Addict
dropped/white_shulker_box               7           LoomisFire
dropped/white_stained_glass             1502        iiEthan
dropped/white_stained_glass_pane        64          Brennont97
dropped/white_terracotta                1024        Kalaconzti
dropped/white_tulip                     35          mariab16_
dropped/white_wool                      4402        Dasckepur
dropped/wither_rose                     4714        LoomisFire
dropped/wither_skeleton_skull           248         Boomdacow
dropped/wooden_axe                      19          titaniumcow
dropped/wooden_hoe                      39          BirbOnTheWay
dropped/wooden_pickaxe                  68          titaniumcow
dropped/wooden_shovel                   300         hugewookie
dropped/wooden_sword                    349         Despacito298
dropped/writable_book                   188         titaniumcow
dropped/written_book                    3225        TheDoctor7562
dropped/yellow_banner                   2           flicck, WarheroesINC
dropped/yellow_bed                      13          ERROR
dropped/yellow_carpet                   184         Tomiomii
dropped/yellow_concrete                 1294        VooDooBR
dropped/yellow_concrete_powder          1600        VooDooBR
dropped/yellow_dye                      323         VooDooBR
dropped/yellow_glazed_terracotta        184         WinterStars
dropped/yellow_shulker_box              14          AydenSWG
dropped/yellow_stained_glass            50          bmo28
dropped/yellow_stained_glass_pane       89          Grifstar0
dropped/yellow_terracotta               710         WinterStars
dropped/yellow_wool                     165         Ninobf
dropped/zombie_head                     3           TheDoctor7562, sokang
killed/bat                              15          Scytrogen
killed/bee                              22          kristalic
killed/blaze                            1822        Scytrogen
killed/cat                              48          WinterStars
killed/cave_spider                      4812        SnappDragon10
killed/chicken                          1217        xiaotoon
killed/cod                              36          Jman_TheGamer
killed/cow                              1162        Universz
killed/creeper                          4277        TheDoctor7562
killed/dolphin                          7           bmo28
killed/donkey                           3           flicck, HypeZee, ElAventurero
killed/drowned                          5165        ZFM_Chemon
killed/elder_guardian                   19          A3eead
killed/ender_dragon                     9           TheDoctor7562
killed/enderman                         65487       xiaotoon
killed/endermite                        112         Universz
killed/evoker                           3491        WinterStars
killed/fox                              24          kristalic
killed/ghast                            229         WinterStars
killed/giant                            1           iiEthan
killed/guardian                         12503       Dankinese
killed/horse                            16          HotCum69420, flicck
killed/husk                             172         HotCum69420
killed/iron_golem                       240         Josuke___
killed/llama                            12          Bomo
killed/magma_cube                       365         Tomiomii
killed/mooshroom                        229         kristalic
killed/mule                             1           amari110
killed/ocelot                           4           iiEthan
killed/panda                            8           iiEthan
killed/parrot                           26          iiEthan
killed/phantom                          1416        titaniumcow
killed/pig                              277         VooDooBR
killed/pillager                         31711       TheDoctor7562
killed/polar_bear                       9           A3eead
killed/pufferfish                       60          5space
killed/rabbit                           362         5space
killed/ravager                          22          Apertur
killed/salmon                           81          ZFM_Chemon
killed/sheep                            235         HeyItsSirius
killed/shulker                          2959        A3eead
killed/silverfish                       623         Cyboogie
killed/skeleton                         5638        NoLongerCreative
killed/skeleton_horse                   117         titaniumcow
killed/slime                            1517        Scytrogen
killed/snow_golem                       94          iiEthan
killed/spider                           1481        Popsicle_n
killed/squid                            196         AHollowSoldier
killed/stray                            58          Shadow15747
killed/trader_llama                     8           Vermox
killed/tropical_fish                    66          5space
killed/turtle                           320         HeyItsSirius
killed/vex                              234         NebulaWebula
killed/villager                         308         iiEthan
killed/vindicator                       16046       WinterStars
killed/wandering_trader                 5           titaniumcow
killed/witch                            5185        WinterStars
killed/wither                           118         Bomo
killed/wither_skeleton                  10584       Boomdacow
killed/wolf                             286         HypeZee
killed/zombie                           9370        Josuke___
killed/zombie_pigman                    71781       Vermox
killed/zombie_villager                  75          BirbOnTheWay
killed_by/bee                           2           Bjorn_bernarsson
killed_by/blaze                         15          rykaid
killed_by/cave_spider                   12          Melancholical
killed_by/creeper                       71          Cooopl
killed_by/dolphin                       1           dankboi69420, Dr_Miguel, Bjorn_bernarsson
killed_by/drowned                       49          Eliisium
killed_by/elder_guardian                11          JesusIsBald
killed_by/ender_dragon                  6           flowrlemon
killed_by/enderman                      72          VooDooBR
killed_by/endermite                     6           A_Hundred_Ninjas
killed_by/evoker                        2           AnnBee_, Jman_TheGamer
killed_by/ghast                         4           ABlazingEBoy, VTD
killed_by/guardian                      42          vmark26
killed_by/husk                          9           Ichabod_Vantoot
killed_by/iron_golem                    26          Atomixx_125
killed_by/llama                         2           VooDooBR
killed_by/magma_cube                    3           Cooopl, SCcomics, HyperGamer3500, GoinOnACookieRun
killed_by/panda                         8           spinvince
killed_by/phantom                       18          DragonAM
killed_by/pillager                      6           A_Hundred_Ninjas
killed_by/player                        780         titaniumcow
killed_by/polar_bear                    2           BirbOnTheWay
killed_by/pufferfish                    8           dannydogd
killed_by/rabbit                        2           aPartyPineapple
killed_by/ravager                       8           BjonkBoi
killed_by/shulker                       13          Aight_Bet
killed_by/silverfish                    5           MarioFoli
killed_by/skeleton                      132         TerJul2916
killed_by/slime                         13          Survivorjwh
killed_by/spider                        18          TerJul2916
killed_by/stray                         4           thememelord125
killed_by/trader_llama                  1           Cooopl, MsDiary, urseamajoris, VexxloO, mexicanbeatmaze7, OutrSp4ce, Bjorn_bernarsson, CaptainSlayr
killed_by/vex                           16          taorenxuan
killed_by/villager                      2           Bjorn_bernarsson
killed_by/vindicator                    12          bubbleblow
killed_by/witch                         3           TerJul2916, lunchables_TM, FoxShine
killed_by/wither                        18          suater1200
killed_by/wither_skeleton               14          Cooopl
killed_by/wolf                          6           VooDooBR
killed_by/zombie                        98          TerJul2916
killed_by/zombie_pigman                 68          Spenske
killed_by/zombie_villager               8           HyperGamer3500, ImpDaMacaque
mined/acacia_button                     12          slackershibe
mined/acacia_door                       2           GentooPenguino
mined/acacia_fence                      262         TurtlesAreNice
mined/acacia_fence_gate                 9           OpticsVision
mined/acacia_leaves                     252         Josuke___
mined/acacia_log                        729         OpticsVision
mined/acacia_planks                     739         TurtlesAreNice
mined/acacia_pressure_plate             12          GodlikeMimikyu
mined/acacia_sapling                    219         piopz
mined/acacia_sign                       27          l3go82
mined/acacia_slab                       551         LimeishPingu
mined/acacia_stairs                     320         Ga1axyX
mined/acacia_trapdoor                   77          Deepfried7
mined/acacia_wall_sign                  41          slackershibe
mined/acacia_wood                       96          ABlazingEBoy
mined/activator_rail                    85          baguna
mined/allium                            160         Tomiomii
mined/andesite                          13272       pink_wolf3
mined/andesite_slab                     342         flicck
mined/andesite_stairs                   296         Ninobf
mined/andesite_wall                     171         CR_O_WW
mined/anvil                             72          TheDoctor7562
mined/attached_melon_stem               178         CR_O_WW
mined/attached_pumpkin_stem             65          iiUltra
mined/azure_bluet                       132         Tomiomii
mined/bamboo                            5004        gamer9_0
mined/bamboo_sapling                    43          LoomisFire
mined/barrel                            414         Tyghbn213
mined/beacon                            187         WinterStars
mined/bee_nest                          57          Vermox, _noZen_
mined/beehive                           51          willt_7
mined/beetroots                         3755        LazuliCrafter
mined/bell                              47          Vermox
mined/birch_button                      345         Skizzili
mined/birch_door                        2           HotCum69420, sneakrosco
mined/birch_fence                       187         Dasckepur
mined/birch_fence_gate                  70          _noZen_
mined/birch_leaves                      1298        arabesquesE
mined/birch_log                         1287        Bomo
mined/birch_planks                      1789        Cheese_Addict
mined/birch_pressure_plate              140         MRDK_Redocchi
mined/birch_sapling                     426         PixelCorruptionz
mined/birch_sign                        96          WinterStars
mined/birch_slab                        392         arabesquesE
mined/birch_stairs                      300         bmo28
mined/birch_trapdoor                    453         Dasckepur
mined/birch_wall_sign                   314         WinterStars
mined/birch_wood                        2067        Sentiinel
mined/black_banner                      51          WarheroesINC
mined/black_bed                         508         PlNEAPPLE
mined/black_carpet                      308         GoatTea
mined/black_concrete                    11028       flicck
mined/black_concrete_powder             571         flicck
mined/black_glazed_terracotta           356         WinterStars
mined/black_shulker_box                 172         BarnabasCube
mined/black_stained_glass               1969        WinterStars
mined/black_stained_glass_pane          210         flicck
mined/black_terracotta                  508         WinterStars
mined/black_wall_banner                 110         WarheroesINC
mined/black_wool                        721         WinterStars
mined/blast_furnace                     80          AveragelyBelow
mined/blue_banner                       8           Rhkellz
mined/blue_bed                          48          Adriany9
mined/blue_carpet                       190         heck910
mined/blue_concrete                     2097        iiEthan
mined/blue_concrete_powder              40          gerbilcity
mined/blue_glazed_terracotta            130         Cheese_Addict
mined/blue_ice                          4504        Skizzili
mined/blue_orchid                       1157        Josuke___
mined/blue_shulker_box                  761         Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/blue_stained_glass                1343        Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/blue_stained_glass_pane           43          MrPotat8os
mined/blue_terracotta                   60          Gwineafowl, A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/blue_wall_banner                  21          peaguy
mined/blue_wool                         259         BioticWhisper
mined/bone_block                        1582        arabesquesE
mined/bookshelf                         1852        PlNEAPPLE
mined/brain_coral                       20          sokang
mined/brain_coral_block                 310         Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/brain_coral_fan                   17          Ohelnko
mined/brain_coral_wall_fan              126         OpticsVision
mined/brewing_stand                     176         LoomisFire
mined/brick_slab                        482         archerhead
mined/brick_stairs                      93          FoxShine
mined/brick_wall                        15          peaguy
mined/bricks                            1287        OnlyBlankStares
mined/brown_banner                      2           TheMagicalChez
mined/brown_bed                         8           MILWAGA
mined/brown_carpet                      45          Kalaconzti
mined/brown_concrete                    518         Crack3RSss
mined/brown_concrete_powder             2           GachiKiller, Arceus441, Vermox
mined/brown_glazed_terracotta           107         pyrofail
mined/brown_mushroom                    380         emowizgnome
mined/brown_mushroom_block              237         ABlazingEBoy
mined/brown_shulker_box                 220         gunnmaster4
mined/brown_stained_glass               46          deceiverW
mined/brown_stained_glass_pane          18          ABlazingEBoy
mined/brown_terracotta                  2183        Arkanism
mined/brown_wall_banner                 25          FriskTempest
mined/brown_wool                        60          RaiseTheBar
mined/bubble_column                     2           clemens1234, Ctenar
mined/bubble_coral                      19          OpticsVision
mined/bubble_coral_block                258         OpticsVision
mined/bubble_coral_fan                  20          Ohelnko
mined/bubble_coral_wall_fan             101         Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/cactus                            626         TerJul2916
mined/cake                              248         kristalic
mined/campfire                          103         ABlazingEBoy
mined/carrots                           10964       VooDooBR
mined/cartography_table                 22          vmark26
mined/carved_pumpkin                    1516        xiaotoon
mined/cauldron                          15          LazuliCrafter
mined/chest                             1201        flicck
mined/chipped_anvil                     38          Vermox
mined/chiseled_quartz_block             104         Zeetong
mined/chiseled_red_sandstone            1           sokang
mined/chiseled_sandstone                34          VescularGold
mined/chiseled_stone_bricks             1008        HotCum69420
mined/chorus_flower                     864         Bomo
mined/chorus_plant                      1024        Bomo
mined/clay                              2682        iiEthan
mined/coal_block                        698         TheDoctor7562
mined/coal_ore                          21411       _X_Bow_
mined/coarse_dirt                       898         RainbowCandyGirl
mined/cobblestone                       9656        HotCum69420
mined/cobblestone_slab                  2823        IcyToast713
mined/cobblestone_stairs                729         bruh072
mined/cobblestone_wall                  577         oscarsgon
mined/cobweb                            2000        Morningstars
mined/cocoa                             1036        BioticWhisper
mined/comparator                        159         gunnmaster4
mined/composter                         266         xiaotoon
mined/conduit                           15          Scytrogen
mined/cornflower                        110         Froggy_Jaiden
mined/cracked_stone_bricks              2810        Cyboogie
mined/crafting_table                    516         SpankiesLIVE
mined/creeper_head                      5           Vermox
mined/creeper_wall_head                 21          TheDoctor7562
mined/cut_red_sandstone                 2           sokang
mined/cut_red_sandstone_slab            2           bmo28, sokang
mined/cut_sandstone                     335         iiUltra
mined/cut_sandstone_slab                322         HotCum69420
mined/cyan_banner                       3           titush8
mined/cyan_bed                          13          Vermox
mined/cyan_carpet                       57          SSKitti_Wake
mined/cyan_concrete                     7783        iiEthan
mined/cyan_concrete_powder              76          A3eead
mined/cyan_glazed_terracotta            25          xiaotoon
mined/cyan_shulker_box                  253         TheDoctor7562
mined/cyan_stained_glass                936         Ohelnko
mined/cyan_stained_glass_pane           64          Cooopl
mined/cyan_terracotta                   1786        Apertur
mined/cyan_wall_banner                  5           bmo28
mined/cyan_wool                         137         _noZen_
mined/damaged_anvil                     32          AydenSWG
mined/dandelion                         384         TheDoctor7562
mined/dark_oak_button                   5133        pink_wolf3
mined/dark_oak_door                     2           pink_wolf3
mined/dark_oak_fence                    879         LoomisFire
mined/dark_oak_fence_gate               301         Ohelnko
mined/dark_oak_leaves                   2118        mishzaab
mined/dark_oak_log                      3431        flicck
mined/dark_oak_planks                   3678        Suderman
mined/dark_oak_pressure_plate           38          Silloter
mined/dark_oak_sapling                  837         deceiverW
mined/dark_oak_sign                     84          Frojjjy
mined/dark_oak_slab                     1306        ZFM_Chemon
mined/dark_oak_stairs                   1313        Suderman
mined/dark_oak_trapdoor                 317         flicck
mined/dark_oak_wall_sign                203         Frojjjy
mined/dark_oak_wood                     1490        ABlazingEBoy
mined/dark_prismarine                   775         A3eead
mined/dark_prismarine_slab              170         A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/dark_prismarine_stairs            338         A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/daylight_detector                 64          m4tthew11
mined/dead_brain_coral                  1           5space, LoomisFire, bmo28, Shonisaurus
mined/dead_brain_coral_block            6           Gallerine
mined/dead_brain_coral_fan              1           5space, bmo28, Shonisaurus
mined/dead_brain_coral_wall_fan         1           Pulpoide, LoomisFire
mined/dead_bubble_coral                 1           5space, LoomisFire, bmo28, Shonisaurus
mined/dead_bubble_coral_block           7           Gallerine
mined/dead_bubble_coral_fan             1           5space, bmo28, A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/dead_bubble_coral_wall_fan        1           chkn_fuel, LoomisFire, Shonisaurus
mined/dead_bush                         61          LoomisFire
mined/dead_fire_coral                   2           LoomisFire
mined/dead_fire_coral_block             48          Wandlore22
mined/dead_fire_coral_fan               2           A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/dead_fire_coral_wall_fan          1           Pulpoide, LoomisFire
mined/dead_horn_coral                   2           bmo28, sokang
mined/dead_horn_coral_block             40          Gallerine
mined/dead_horn_coral_fan               22          A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/dead_horn_coral_wall_fan          1           dgfhij3, LoomisFire
mined/dead_tube_coral                   1           5space, LoomisFire, bmo28, Shonisaurus
mined/dead_tube_coral_block             11          Gallerine
mined/dead_tube_coral_fan               1           5space, bmo28, Shonisaurus, A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/dead_tube_coral_wall_fan          1           chkn_fuel, LoomisFire
mined/detector_rail                     89          flowrlemon
mined/diamond_block                     841         WinterStars
mined/diamond_ore                       1665        HotCum69420
mined/diorite                           13413       pink_wolf3
mined/diorite_slab                      268         seanwithafada
mined/diorite_stairs                    67          _wariowo
mined/diorite_wall                      216         urseamajoris
mined/dirt                              45533       RaiseTheBar
mined/dispenser                         80          IcyToast713
mined/dragon_head                       16          PixelCorruptionz
mined/dragon_wall_head                  59          A3eead
mined/dried_kelp_block                  360         Tacode
mined/dropper                           112         Bloxx12
mined/emerald_block                     4461        WinterStars
mined/emerald_ore                       117         HotCum69420
mined/enchanting_table                  36          Gl0rifiedToaster
mined/end_rod                           888         A3eead
mined/end_stone                         204562      Kenobae_
mined/end_stone_brick_slab              6372        WinterStars
mined/end_stone_brick_stairs            332         Ratolas6969
mined/end_stone_brick_wall              468         WinterStars
mined/end_stone_bricks                  1987        A3eead
mined/ender_chest                       824         Vermox
mined/farmland                          892         Knox_xo
mined/fern                              406         Froggy_Jaiden
mined/fire                              143         HypeZee
mined/fire_coral                        28          Pulpoide
mined/fire_coral_block                  282         Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/fire_coral_fan                    25          OpticsVision
mined/fire_coral_wall_fan               117         OpticsVision
mined/fletching_table                   97          PlNEAPPLE
mined/flower_pot                        18          anchovyy
mined/frosted_ice                       189         Froggy_Jaiden
mined/furnace                           655         flicck
mined/glass                             2328        gunnmaster4
mined/glass_pane                        368         dapp3r
mined/glowstone                         1740        urseamajoris
mined/gold_block                        3911        Vermox
mined/gold_ore                          2645        HotCum69420
mined/granite                           12684       pink_wolf3
mined/granite_slab                      20          Velorean
mined/granite_stairs                    27          SolidSock
mined/granite_wall                      42          AresTheBeast
mined/grass                             7286        Josuke___
mined/grass_block                       26091       RaiseTheBar
mined/grass_path                        1080        Apertur
mined/gravel                            31493       xegmaster
mined/gray_banner                       8           ShibeMlem
mined/gray_bed                          53          PlNEAPPLE
mined/gray_carpet                       260         iiEthan
mined/gray_concrete                     6160        Apertur
mined/gray_concrete_powder              51          VTD
mined/gray_glazed_terracotta            91          Vermox
mined/gray_shulker_box                  317         AydenSWG
mined/gray_stained_glass                1081        Apertur
mined/gray_stained_glass_pane           64          gerbilcity
mined/gray_terracotta                   985         Crack3RSss
mined/gray_wall_banner                  4           AlphamasterJarne, Vermox, WarheroesINC
mined/gray_wool                         239         Apertur
mined/green_banner                      3           Not_Pickles, Mobzillahz
mined/green_bed                         15          FriskTempest, Deepfried7
mined/green_carpet                      101         RahnerHC
mined/green_concrete                    709         MarioFoli
mined/green_concrete_powder             40          Not_Pickles
mined/green_glazed_terracotta           111         OpticsVision
mined/green_shulker_box                 158         WinterStars
mined/green_stained_glass               139         noodles_for_you
mined/green_stained_glass_pane          29          baguna
mined/green_terracotta                  325         Cooopl
mined/green_wall_banner                 8           Mobzillahz
mined/green_wool                        65          AlmostPotato
mined/grindstone                        44          Gwineafowl
mined/hay_block                         491         FriskTempest
mined/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate     26          WinterStars
mined/honey_block                       219         Percival0707
mined/honeycomb_block                   139         willt_7
mined/hopper                            805         Apertur
mined/horn_coral                        19          Gallerine
mined/horn_coral_block                  258         Ohelnko
mined/horn_coral_fan                    16          OpticsVision
mined/horn_coral_wall_fan               132         OpticsVision
mined/ice                               27931       Aight_Bet
mined/infested_chiseled_stone_bricks    2           Goatmir
mined/infested_cobblestone              4           Cyboogie
mined/infested_cracked_stone_bricks     39          Cyboogie
mined/infested_mossy_stone_bricks       59          Cyboogie
mined/infested_stone                    131         FriskTempest
mined/infested_stone_bricks             665         Cyboogie
mined/iron_bars                         681         OpticsVision
mined/iron_block                        3057        Bloxx12
mined/iron_door                         1           Antivax_twig
mined/iron_ore                          9845        Josuke___
mined/iron_trapdoor                     144         Apertur
mined/jack_o_lantern                    23          GachiKiller, xiaotoon
mined/jukebox                           63          titaniumcow
mined/jungle_button                     35          sokang
mined/jungle_fence                      138         Shonisaurus
mined/jungle_fence_gate                 92          Mobzillahz
mined/jungle_leaves                     1019        xegmaster
mined/jungle_log                        519         exgodstatus
mined/jungle_planks                     1347        Not_Pickles
mined/jungle_pressure_plate             4           HoleInMyHouse
mined/jungle_sapling                    541         TheDoctor7562
mined/jungle_sign                       51          WinterStars
mined/jungle_slab                       169         HoleInMyHouse
mined/jungle_stairs                     89          HoleInMyHouse
mined/jungle_trapdoor                   249         Not_Pickles
mined/jungle_wall_sign                  51          willt_7
mined/jungle_wood                       32          6299355
mined/kelp                              1802        Shonisaurus
mined/kelp_plant                        5233        NotFromTexas
mined/ladder                            584         Proatus
mined/lantern                           221         Skizzili
mined/lapis_block                       145         gunnmaster4
mined/lapis_ore                         1220        Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/large_fern                        3           Pulpoide, bxys
mined/lectern                           454         PlNEAPPLE
mined/lever                             72          iiEthan
mined/light_blue_banner                 13          Morningstars
mined/light_blue_bed                    93          Morningstars
mined/light_blue_carpet                 113         iiEthan
mined/light_blue_concrete               2581        Crack3RSss
mined/light_blue_concrete_powder        178         LoomisFire
mined/light_blue_glazed_terracotta      85          kristalic
mined/light_blue_shulker_box            552         AydenSWG
mined/light_blue_stained_glass          1265        Gwineafowl
mined/light_blue_stained_glass_pane     371         Balazs0718
mined/light_blue_terracotta             374         DragonAM
mined/light_blue_wall_banner            32          WarheroesINC
mined/light_blue_wool                   172         RaiseTheBar
mined/light_gray_banner                 1           kristalic, sokang, Vermox
mined/light_gray_bed                    29          Survivorjwh
mined/light_gray_carpet                 41          pink_wolf3
mined/light_gray_concrete               4801        kristalic
mined/light_gray_concrete_powder        87          OpticsVision
mined/light_gray_glazed_terracotta      192         WinterStars
mined/light_gray_shulker_box            193         Xx_uwumaster_xX
mined/light_gray_stained_glass          2084        Sammy_Wolfje
mined/light_gray_stained_glass_pane     64          Crack3RSss
mined/light_gray_terracotta             1277        iiEthan
mined/light_gray_wall_banner            3           bmo28
mined/light_gray_wool                   248         WinterStars
mined/light_weighted_pressure_plate     16          Kenobae_
mined/lily_of_the_valley                69          mariab16_
mined/lily_pad                          85          thex23
mined/lime_banner                       4           sr_raphinho
mined/lime_bed                          32          VTD
mined/lime_carpet                       564         Froggy_Jaiden
mined/lime_concrete                     2962        retconned
mined/lime_concrete_powder              41          iWeabs
mined/lime_glazed_terracotta            35          BarnabasCube
mined/lime_shulker_box                  350         LoomisFire
mined/lime_stained_glass                150         Golwarrior80
mined/lime_stained_glass_pane           47          retconned
mined/lime_terracotta                   744         OpticsVision
mined/lime_wall_banner                  36          Froggy_Jaiden
mined/lime_wool                         253         BirbOnTheWay
mined/loom                              24          WinterStars
mined/magenta_banner                    5           WarheroesINC
mined/magenta_bed                       12          HyperGamer3500
mined/magenta_carpet                    10          HeyItsSirius
mined/magenta_concrete                  496         Silloter
mined/magenta_concrete_powder           6           Light034
mined/magenta_glazed_terracotta         50          Aight_Bet
mined/magenta_shulker_box               129         gunnmaster4
mined/magenta_stained_glass             264         Bomo
mined/magenta_stained_glass_pane        19          Bomo
mined/magenta_terracotta                215         Atomixx_125
mined/magenta_wall_banner               15          erico7070
mined/magenta_wool                      410         bumbiddybiddy
mined/magma_block                       1817        SokySergeant
mined/melon                             17177       TheBat11
mined/melon_stem                        316         dapp3r
mined/mossy_cobblestone                 1514        Morningstars
mined/mossy_cobblestone_slab            9           Goatmir, thememelord125, l3go82
mined/mossy_cobblestone_stairs          37          thememelord125
mined/mossy_cobblestone_wall            6           ERROR
mined/mossy_stone_brick_slab            75          flicck
mined/mossy_stone_brick_stairs          38          HyperGamer3500
mined/mossy_stone_brick_wall            5           _noZen_
mined/mossy_stone_bricks                4127        Cyboogie
mined/mushroom_stem                     175         Smyles85
mined/mycelium                          3585        LoomisFire
mined/nether_brick_fence                441         WinterStars
mined/nether_brick_slab                 2644        flicck
mined/nether_brick_stairs               56          iWeabs
mined/nether_brick_wall                 133         Buitragox
mined/nether_bricks                     9706        WinterStars
mined/nether_quartz_ore                 29682       OpticsVision
mined/nether_wart                       8142        Not_Pickles
mined/nether_wart_block                 135         CR1SPY_B01
mined/netherrack                        205223      WinterStars
mined/note_block                        119         Ohelnko
mined/oak_button                        708         Skizzili
mined/oak_door                          3           HotCum69420, bmo28
mined/oak_fence                         1810        HotCum69420
mined/oak_fence_gate                    155         Gwineafowl
mined/oak_leaves                        6156        bmo28
mined/oak_log                           1802        bmo28
mined/oak_planks                        3225        FriskTempest
mined/oak_pressure_plate                50          ahshen1007
mined/oak_sapling                       857         Kalaconzti
mined/oak_sign                          242         taorenxuan
mined/oak_slab                          1890        Gwineafowl
mined/oak_stairs                        514         _wariowo
mined/oak_trapdoor                      766         Tomiomii
mined/oak_wall_sign                     377         taorenxuan
mined/oak_wood                          151         Vermox
mined/observer                          305         iiired
mined/obsidian                          65568       Vermox
mined/orange_banner                     7           Vermox
mined/orange_bed                        27          HyperGamer3500
mined/orange_carpet                     105         Olivcreeper
mined/orange_concrete                   1422        iiEthan
mined/orange_concrete_powder            8           paskeltw8
mined/orange_glazed_terracotta          28          WinterStars
mined/orange_shulker_box                251         Cooopl
mined/orange_stained_glass              209         SokySergeant
mined/orange_stained_glass_pane         21          TheDoctor7562
mined/orange_terracotta                 2908        taorenxuan
mined/orange_tulip                      106         HaisaiOjisan
mined/orange_wall_banner                6           Ryzenos
mined/orange_wool                       91          vvdb
mined/oxeye_daisy                       81          flicck
mined/packed_ice                        51430       Bomo
mined/pink_banner                       3           RoxySimp
mined/pink_bed                          123         emowizgnome
mined/pink_carpet                       100         HaisaiOjisan
mined/pink_concrete                     1726        Crack3RSss
mined/pink_concrete_powder              120         DragonAM
mined/pink_glazed_terracotta            47          Aight_Bet
mined/pink_shulker_box                  227         WinterStars
mined/pink_stained_glass                104         HaisaiOjisan
mined/pink_stained_glass_pane           48          Grifstar0
mined/pink_terracotta                   44          CR_O_WW
mined/pink_tulip                        84          Tomiomii
mined/pink_wall_banner                  5           bmo28
mined/pink_wool                         108         HotCum69420
mined/piston                            191         A3eead
mined/piston_head                       29          Berko2013
mined/player_head                       15          PixelCorruptionz
mined/player_wall_head                  28          TheDoctor7562
mined/podzol                            4870        LoomisFire
mined/polished_andesite                 1701        N0ODL3S
mined/polished_andesite_slab            282         flicck
mined/polished_andesite_stairs          158         Ninobf
mined/polished_diorite                  564         retconned
mined/polished_diorite_slab             2005        BarnabasCube
mined/polished_diorite_stairs           911         Ninobf
mined/polished_granite                  402         ABlazingEBoy
mined/polished_granite_slab             146         NT8
mined/polished_granite_stairs           70          Zeetong
mined/poppy                             588         WinterStars
mined/potatoes                          31475       LimeishPingu
mined/potted_acacia_sapling             4           Stressed_Jackdaw
mined/potted_allium                     7           AtomicGlaive
mined/potted_azure_bluet                3           Happy_a_tron, A_Hundred_Ninjas
mined/potted_bamboo                     4           Apertur, neotunes
mined/potted_birch_sapling              8           FPilot
mined/potted_blue_orchid                4           YummyPizzaGuy
mined/potted_brown_mushroom             3           DJ_Keemstar
mined/potted_cactus                     11          LazuliCrafter
mined/potted_cornflower                 7           BiggBillyBobby
mined/potted_dandelion                  8           HeyItsSirius
mined/potted_dark_oak_sapling           2           ShibeMlem
mined/potted_dead_bush                  4           noodles_for_you, Shonisaurus
mined/potted_fern                       2           7mooncx
mined/potted_jungle_sapling             1           kristalic
mined/potted_lily_of_the_valley         9           Froggy_Jaiden
mined/potted_oak_sapling                6           Olivcreeper
mined/potted_orange_tulip               4           7mooncx
mined/potted_oxeye_daisy                7           LazuliCrafter
mined/potted_pink_tulip                 3           7mooncx
mined/potted_poppy                      5           FPilot, Morgensternslay
mined/potted_red_mushroom               18          BiggBillyBobby
mined/potted_red_tulip                  3           Universz
mined/potted_spruce_sapling             5           kristalic, Olivcreeper
mined/potted_white_tulip                2           bruh_boi69, AlphamasterJarne, stacy581
mined/potted_wither_rose                7           Morgensternslay
mined/powered_rail                      368         OpticsVision
mined/prismarine                        11952       Scytrogen
mined/prismarine_brick_slab             333         Morningstars
mined/prismarine_brick_stairs           466         Bloxx12
mined/prismarine_bricks                 12648       Scytrogen
mined/prismarine_slab                   101         Pulpoide
mined/prismarine_stairs                 205         Scytrogen
mined/prismarine_wall                   245         Morningstars
mined/pumpkin                           1451        Projekt_Suzume
mined/pumpkin_stem                      155         Supremossaurus
mined/purple_banner                     23          WarheroesINC
mined/purple_bed                        133         LoomisFire
mined/purple_carpet                     178         Froggy_Jaiden
mined/purple_concrete                   578         iiEthan
mined/purple_concrete_powder            20          RoxySimp
mined/purple_glazed_terracotta          89          iiEthan
mined/purple_shulker_box                163         iiEthan
mined/purple_stained_glass              151         WinterStars
mined/purple_stained_glass_pane         189         ShibeMlem
mined/purple_terracotta                 54          Atomixx_125
mined/purple_wall_banner                9           Buitragox
mined/purple_wool                       553         gunnmaster4
mined/purpur_block                      3420        A3eead
mined/purpur_pillar                     1378        A3eead
mined/purpur_slab                       235         A3eead
mined/purpur_stairs                     646         A3eead
mined/quartz_block                      889         Ninobf
mined/quartz_pillar                     343         Pulpoide
mined/quartz_slab                       684         Ohelnko
mined/quartz_stairs                     185         therealdanka69
mined/rail                              2675        mishzaab
mined/red_banner                        16          Vizeck
mined/red_bed                           94          Adriany9
mined/red_carpet                        307         bmo28
mined/red_concrete                      3292        iiEthan
mined/red_concrete_powder               137         titaniumcow
mined/red_glazed_terracotta             325         HypeZee
mined/red_mushroom                      410         sokang
mined/red_mushroom_block                1040        _ghosti_
mined/red_nether_brick_slab             124         HypeZee
mined/red_nether_brick_stairs           10          FoxShine
mined/red_nether_brick_wall             13          Shadow15747
mined/red_nether_bricks                 707         PixelCorruptionz
mined/red_sand                          7816        Dankinese
mined/red_sandstone                     119         czib
mined/red_sandstone_slab                2           Josuke___
mined/red_sandstone_stairs              7           _wariowo, Morningstars
mined/red_sandstone_wall                1           bmo28, sokang
mined/red_shulker_box                   939         WinterStars
mined/red_stained_glass                 1216        flicck
mined/red_stained_glass_pane            84          flicck
mined/red_terracotta                    1445        Arkanism
mined/red_tulip                         149         HaisaiOjisan
mined/red_wall_banner                   43          WarheroesINC
mined/red_wool                          476         _bruhm0ment_
mined/redstone_block                    566         flicck
mined/redstone_lamp                     329         dapp3r
mined/redstone_ore                      6288        _X_Bow_
mined/redstone_torch                    194         OpticsVision
mined/redstone_wall_torch               155         WinterStars
mined/redstone_wire                     836         iiEthan
mined/repeater                          341         iiEthan
mined/sand                              76997       WinterStars
mined/sandstone                         59304       OpticsVision
mined/sandstone_slab                    649         HotCum69420
mined/sandstone_stairs                  416         kristalic
mined/sandstone_wall                    320         bmo28
mined/scaffolding                       3149        kristalic
mined/sea_lantern                       455         Knox_xo
mined/sea_pickle                        422         Gallerine
mined/seagrass                          849         Ohelnko
mined/shulker_box                       1951        WinterStars
mined/skeleton_skull                    2           iiUltra
mined/skeleton_wall_skull               2           TheDoctor7562
mined/slime_block                       867         Morningstars
mined/smithing_table                    114         Josuke___
mined/smoker                            61          Shadow15747
mined/smooth_quartz                     562         HeyItsSirius
mined/smooth_quartz_slab                490         ContrarianSon
mined/smooth_quartz_stairs              276         HeyItsSirius
mined/smooth_red_sandstone              4           Morningstars
mined/smooth_red_sandstone_stairs       11          Silloter
mined/smooth_sandstone                  2160        Dasckepur
mined/smooth_sandstone_slab             1145        Dasckepur
mined/smooth_sandstone_stairs           97          Dasckepur
mined/smooth_stone                      1436        Apertur
mined/smooth_stone_slab                 1543        Ninobf
mined/snow                              27139       Morningstars
mined/snow_block                        1586        Bomo
mined/soul_sand                         6673        Ohelnko
mined/spawner                           40          DarthNojo
mined/sponge                            925         Ohelnko
mined/spruce_button                     1319        Skizzili
mined/spruce_door                       3           HotCum69420
mined/spruce_fence                      414         Skizzili
mined/spruce_fence_gate                 140         Bomo
mined/spruce_leaves                     2083        PlNEAPPLE
mined/spruce_log                        1594        Skizzili
mined/spruce_planks                     2500        taorenxuan
mined/spruce_pressure_plate             33          FoxRaid
mined/spruce_sapling                    1081        Skizzili
mined/spruce_sign                       77          Skizzili
mined/spruce_slab                       1279        Skizzili
mined/spruce_stairs                     759         Skizzili
mined/spruce_trapdoor                   1091        gunnmaster4
mined/spruce_wall_sign                  249         AydenSWG
mined/spruce_wood                       643         Skizzili
mined/sticky_piston                     201         Trollcraftz
mined/stone                             211025      Vermox
mined/stone_brick_slab                  1754        5space
mined/stone_brick_stairs                1585        Ninobf
mined/stone_brick_wall                  273         flicck
mined/stone_bricks                      9628        Skizzili
mined/stone_button                      308         MosiacPlqyz
mined/stone_pressure_plate              51          bmo28
mined/stone_slab                        1217        Bomo
mined/stone_stairs                      431         flicck
mined/stonecutter                       76          Ninobf
mined/stripped_acacia_log               374         intamd
mined/stripped_acacia_wood              3           bmo28
mined/stripped_birch_log                275         Draaksaurus
mined/stripped_birch_wood               361         Dasckepur
mined/stripped_dark_oak_log             515         flicck
mined/stripped_dark_oak_wood            36          NT8
mined/stripped_jungle_log               92          HoleInMyHouse
mined/stripped_jungle_wood              9           WarheroesINC
mined/stripped_oak_log                  1397        Apertur
mined/stripped_oak_wood                 348         Dankinese
mined/stripped_spruce_log               858         Vlanzing
mined/stripped_spruce_wood              96          Dasckepur
mined/sugar_cane                        58079       Kalaconzti
mined/sunflower                         1           DinosaurenGrimm, Cooopl, PhrogRoyale, WarheroesINC
mined/sweet_berry_bush                  1476        RahnerHC
mined/tall_grass                        97          urseamajoris
mined/tall_seagrass                     12          Ariesss_Stone
mined/terracotta                        15872       WinterStars
mined/tnt                               1010        WinterStars
mined/torch                             7024        SokySergeant
mined/trapped_chest                     19          JustJacob441
mined/tripwire                          213         muzak23
mined/tripwire_hook                     12          LoomisFire
mined/tube_coral                        30          MrPotat8os
mined/tube_coral_block                  212         Bjorn_bernarsson
mined/tube_coral_fan                    21          OpticsVision
mined/tube_coral_wall_fan               113         OpticsVision
mined/turtle_egg                        397         ABlazingEBoy
mined/vine                              1105        TrenchCoatMafia
mined/wall_torch                        891         bmo28
mined/wet_sponge                        1613        Scytrogen
mined/wheat                             18796       Shadow15747
mined/white_banner                      40          Grifstar0
mined/white_bed                         548         PlNEAPPLE
mined/white_carpet                      1461        BioticWhisper
mined/white_concrete                    20790       Crack3RSss
mined/white_concrete_powder             330         mariab16_
mined/white_glazed_terracotta           304         ShibeMlem
mined/white_shulker_box                 416         gunnmaster4
mined/white_stained_glass               543         Ohelnko
mined/white_stained_glass_pane          242         taorenxuan
mined/white_terracotta                  2362        Kalaconzti
mined/white_tulip                       123         ABlazingEBoy
mined/white_wall_banner                 121         PixelCorruptionz
mined/white_wool                        283         Foxy_The_Farmer
mined/wither_rose                       727         TheDoctor7562
mined/wither_skeleton_skull             35          WinterStars
mined/wither_skeleton_wall_skull        50          _ghosti_
mined/yellow_banner                     8           stevexm
mined/yellow_bed                        40          emowizgnome
mined/yellow_carpet                     599         BioticWhisper
mined/yellow_concrete                   11423       TheDoctor7562
mined/yellow_concrete_powder            30          HolySuicidalTrky
mined/yellow_glazed_terracotta          273         Aight_Bet
mined/yellow_shulker_box                684         Vermox
mined/yellow_stained_glass              46          Ninobf
mined/yellow_stained_glass_pane         131         WinterStars
mined/yellow_terracotta                 8151        WinterStars
mined/yellow_wall_banner                11          AndTB23, stevexm
mined/yellow_wool                       106         gerbilcity
mined/zombie_head                       4           TheDoctor7562
mined/zombie_wall_head                  5           Popsicle_n
picked_up/acacia_boat                   275         Josuke___
picked_up/acacia_button                 256         cheeeeca
picked_up/acacia_door                   52          LimeishPingu
picked_up/acacia_fence                  329         OpticsVision
picked_up/acacia_fence_gate             14          Goatmir
picked_up/acacia_leaves                 2151        Deepfried7
picked_up/acacia_log                    5378        OpticsVision
picked_up/acacia_planks                 2326        AcornGR
picked_up/acacia_pressure_plate         18          GodlikeMimikyu
picked_up/acacia_sapling                1271        piopz
picked_up/acacia_sign                   272         l3go82
picked_up/acacia_slab                   1163        LimeishPingu
picked_up/acacia_stairs                 424         Ga1axyX
picked_up/acacia_trapdoor               95          Apertur
picked_up/acacia_wood                   98          A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/activator_rail                183         Cheese_Addict
picked_up/allium                        159         Tomiomii
picked_up/andesite                      14613       flicck
picked_up/andesite_slab                 1422        MRDK_Redocchi
picked_up/andesite_stairs               459         flicck
picked_up/andesite_wall                 344         CR_O_WW
picked_up/anvil                         74          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/apple                         1329        FriskTempest
picked_up/armor_stand                   237         Boomdacow
picked_up/arrow                         10645       iiUltra
picked_up/azure_bluet                   859         paskeltw8
picked_up/baked_potato                  21547       paskeltw8
picked_up/bamboo                        54879       gamer9_0
picked_up/barrel                        415         Tyghbn213
picked_up/barrier                       1           Vilhu
picked_up/beacon                        249         paskeltw8
picked_up/bedrock                       32          FERRARI812A
picked_up/bee_nest                      89          Vermox
picked_up/beef                          2501        Universz
picked_up/beehive                       48          willt_7
picked_up/beetroot                      3752        LazuliCrafter
picked_up/beetroot_seeds                10460       LazuliCrafter
picked_up/beetroot_soup                 182         Melancholical
picked_up/bell                          71          PlNEAPPLE
picked_up/birch_boat                    205         LoomisFire
picked_up/birch_button                  314         Skizzili
picked_up/birch_door                    171         AKHolmes1
picked_up/birch_fence                   509         Goatmir
picked_up/birch_fence_gate              553         paskeltw8
picked_up/birch_leaves                  6476        Bomo
picked_up/birch_log                     10916       Bomo
picked_up/birch_planks                  21764       FloridaMan1004
picked_up/birch_pressure_plate          287         MRDK_Redocchi
picked_up/birch_sapling                 3350        6299355
picked_up/birch_sign                    599         PixelCorruptionz
picked_up/birch_slab                    1130        cSharpMajor0091
picked_up/birch_stairs                  859         Boppolopian
picked_up/birch_trapdoor                343         KxW_Speedy
picked_up/birch_wood                    4808        Morningstars
picked_up/black_banner                  721         WarheroesINC
picked_up/black_bed                     513         PlNEAPPLE
picked_up/black_carpet                  4066        iiEthan
picked_up/black_concrete                16509       flicck
picked_up/black_concrete_powder         8069        exgodstatus
picked_up/black_dye                     1706        696969696969
picked_up/black_glazed_terracotta       409         WinterStars
picked_up/black_shulker_box             172         BarnabasCube
picked_up/black_stained_glass           15589       LoomisFire
picked_up/black_stained_glass_pane      526         iiUltra
picked_up/black_terracotta              2497        WinterStars
picked_up/black_wool                    6924        WinterStars
picked_up/blast_furnace                 258         AveragelyBelow
picked_up/blaze_powder                  864         titaniumcow
picked_up/blaze_rod                     1907        WinterStars
picked_up/blue_banner                   41          WarheroesINC
picked_up/blue_bed                      48          Adriany9
picked_up/blue_carpet                   810         heck910
picked_up/blue_concrete                 2811        SokySergeant
picked_up/blue_concrete_powder          1956        TerJul2916
picked_up/blue_dye                      261         FoxShine
picked_up/blue_glazed_terracotta        178         Cheese_Addict
picked_up/blue_ice                      4568        Skizzili
picked_up/blue_orchid                   1160        Josuke___
picked_up/blue_shulker_box              783         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/blue_stained_glass            1750        SokySergeant
picked_up/blue_stained_glass_pane       142         SAMSkywolker
picked_up/blue_terracotta               476         iiEthan
picked_up/blue_wool                     1567        gerbilcity
picked_up/bone                          9475        NoLongerCreative
picked_up/bone_block                    6292        arabesquesE
picked_up/bone_meal                     12285       Apertur
picked_up/book                          6094        PlNEAPPLE
picked_up/bookshelf                     1115        Projekt_Suzume
picked_up/bow                           783         NoLongerCreative
picked_up/bowl                          274         CeliacDisease
picked_up/brain_coral                   20          sokang
picked_up/brain_coral_block             378         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/brain_coral_fan               136         OpticsVision
picked_up/bread                         5665        Kirito_89
picked_up/brewing_stand                 188         LoomisFire
picked_up/brick                         1677        DragonAM
picked_up/brick_slab                    465         archerhead
picked_up/brick_stairs                  201         MRDK_Redocchi
picked_up/brick_wall                    48          Morningstars
picked_up/bricks                        1369        OnlyBlankStares
picked_up/brown_banner                  31          FriskTempest
picked_up/brown_bed                     10          MILWAGA
picked_up/brown_carpet                  69          Kalaconzti
picked_up/brown_concrete                542         Jman_TheGamer
picked_up/brown_concrete_powder         684         Crack3RSss
picked_up/brown_dye                     331         SokySergeant
picked_up/brown_glazed_terracotta       128         NightOwl2148
picked_up/brown_mushroom                625         Froggy_Jaiden
picked_up/brown_mushroom_block          1991        GachiKiller
picked_up/brown_shulker_box             223         gunnmaster4
picked_up/brown_stained_glass           262         Mobzillahz
picked_up/brown_stained_glass_pane      48          sokang
picked_up/brown_terracotta              5801        flicck
picked_up/brown_wool                    274         Deku_scrub_uwu
picked_up/bubble_coral                  23          Ohelnko
picked_up/bubble_coral_block            300         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/bubble_coral_fan              127         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/bucket                        225         Pulpoide, flicck
picked_up/cactus                        18758       Dankinese
picked_up/cake                          195         titaniumcow
picked_up/campfire                      327         ABlazingEBoy
picked_up/carrot                        94092       VooDooBR
picked_up/carrot_on_a_stick             9           Shonisaurus
picked_up/cartography_table             26          TerJul2916
picked_up/carved_pumpkin                1428        xiaotoon
picked_up/cauldron                      17          deceiverW
picked_up/chainmail_boots               67          DragonAM
picked_up/chainmail_chestplate          61          LionClaws3
picked_up/chainmail_helmet              45          Skizzili
picked_up/chainmail_leggings            41          TerJul2916
picked_up/charcoal                      6520        FriskTempest
picked_up/chest                         1673        flicck
picked_up/chest_minecart                7           Goatmir
picked_up/chicken                       1422        Ratolas6969
picked_up/chipped_anvil                 39          Vermox
picked_up/chiseled_quartz_block         213         Ninobf
picked_up/chiseled_red_sandstone        1           sokang
picked_up/chiseled_sandstone            54          bmo28, Leyugaff
picked_up/chiseled_stone_bricks         756         Ninobf
picked_up/chorus_flower                 1059        Bomo
picked_up/chorus_fruit                  5384        Golwarrior80
picked_up/clay                          2116        Mobzillahz
picked_up/clay_ball                     10769       iiEthan
picked_up/clock                         24          LoomisFire
picked_up/coal                          39011       Josuke___
picked_up/coal_block                    3286        TheDoctor7562
picked_up/coal_ore                      11046       _X_Bow_
picked_up/coarse_dirt                   1052        RainbowCandyGirl
picked_up/cobblestone                   181283      OpticsVision
picked_up/cobblestone_slab              9417        Goatmir
picked_up/cobblestone_stairs            1680        flicck
picked_up/cobblestone_wall              2092        PhrogRoyale
picked_up/cobweb                        4204        Mobzillahz
picked_up/cocoa_beans                   3234        BioticWhisper
picked_up/cod                           10570       Scytrogen
picked_up/cod_bucket                    9           LoomisFire
picked_up/command_block                 2           PixelCorruptionz
picked_up/comparator                    233         gunnmaster4
picked_up/compass                       67          BirbOnTheWay
picked_up/composter                     271         xiaotoon
picked_up/conduit                       15          Scytrogen
picked_up/cooked_beef                   3950        Josuke___
picked_up/cooked_chicken                2162        Percival0707
picked_up/cooked_cod                    4617        Mobzillahz
picked_up/cooked_mutton                 802         HeyItsSirius
picked_up/cooked_porkchop               2306        WinterStars
picked_up/cooked_rabbit                 296         5space
picked_up/cooked_salmon                 572         Light034
picked_up/cookie                        1647        xegmaster
picked_up/cornflower                    756         paskeltw8
picked_up/cracked_stone_bricks          2837        Cyboogie
picked_up/crafting_table                3822        titaniumcow
picked_up/creeper_banner_pattern        3           Shonisaurus
picked_up/creeper_head                  38          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/creeper_spawn_egg             2           MarioFoli
picked_up/crossbow                      1155        TheDoctor7562
picked_up/cut_red_sandstone             2           sokang
picked_up/cut_red_sandstone_slab        2           bmo28, sokang
picked_up/cut_sandstone                 1565        EggoPhobic
picked_up/cut_sandstone_slab            1903        EggoPhobic
picked_up/cyan_banner                   8           bmo28
picked_up/cyan_bed                      15          Goatmir, Vermox
picked_up/cyan_carpet                   62          SSKitti_Wake
picked_up/cyan_concrete                 7183        Bloxx12
picked_up/cyan_concrete_powder          10870       TerJul2916
picked_up/cyan_dye                      128         Pulpoide, paskeltw8
picked_up/cyan_glazed_terracotta        25          xiaotoon
picked_up/cyan_shulker_box              258         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/cyan_stained_glass            2857        P4nD4_Prodigy
picked_up/cyan_stained_glass_pane       60          Cooopl
picked_up/cyan_terracotta               3947        Mobzillahz
picked_up/cyan_wool                     699         gerbilcity
picked_up/damaged_anvil                 33          AydenSWG
picked_up/dandelion                     1533        paskeltw8
picked_up/dark_oak_boat                 877         LoomisFire
picked_up/dark_oak_button               4043        pink_wolf3
picked_up/dark_oak_door                 294         Dasckepur
picked_up/dark_oak_fence                3807        Turbo600
picked_up/dark_oak_fence_gate           1727        P4nD4_Prodigy
picked_up/dark_oak_leaves               6435        _ghosti_
picked_up/dark_oak_log                  27178       flicck
picked_up/dark_oak_planks               12604       VooDooBR
picked_up/dark_oak_pressure_plate       60          A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/dark_oak_sapling              4391        flicck
picked_up/dark_oak_sign                 493         kristalic
picked_up/dark_oak_slab                 5393        ZFM_Chemon
picked_up/dark_oak_stairs               2865        wittedintegral2
picked_up/dark_oak_trapdoor             624         Cheese_Addict
picked_up/dark_oak_wood                 553         FoxRaid
picked_up/dark_prismarine               1221        taorenxuan
picked_up/dark_prismarine_slab          250         A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/dark_prismarine_stairs        498         A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/daylight_detector             78          LimeishPingu
picked_up/dead_brain_coral              1           5space, ShibeMlem, LoomisFire, bmo28, Shonisaurus
picked_up/dead_brain_coral_block        60          Gallerine
picked_up/dead_brain_coral_fan          1           5space, Pulpoide, LoomisFire, bmo28, Shonisaurus
picked_up/dead_bubble_coral             1           5space, LoomisFire, bmo28, Shonisaurus
picked_up/dead_bubble_coral_block       17          Gallerine
picked_up/dead_bubble_coral_fan         3           chkn_fuel
picked_up/dead_bush                     57          SkryptKiddie
picked_up/dead_fire_coral               2           LoomisFire
picked_up/dead_fire_coral_block         260         sokang
picked_up/dead_fire_coral_fan           3           A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/dead_horn_coral               2           bmo28, sokang
picked_up/dead_horn_coral_block         142         Gallerine
picked_up/dead_horn_coral_fan           22          A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/dead_tube_coral               1           5space, LoomisFire, bmo28, Shonisaurus
picked_up/dead_tube_coral_block         163         Gallerine
picked_up/dead_tube_coral_fan           1           5space, LoomisFire, bmo28, Shonisaurus, A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/debug_stick                   2           muzak23, iiEthan
picked_up/detector_rail                 93          flowrlemon
picked_up/diamond                       6664        AydenSWG
picked_up/diamond_axe                   155         WarheroesINC
picked_up/diamond_block                 4506        WinterStars
picked_up/diamond_boots                 231         Universz
picked_up/diamond_chestplate            234         Universz
picked_up/diamond_helmet                253         Universz
picked_up/diamond_hoe                   59          emowizgnome
picked_up/diamond_horse_armor           7           NoLongerCreative
picked_up/diamond_leggings              238         Universz
picked_up/diamond_ore                   926         A3eead
picked_up/diamond_pickaxe               345         Mobzillahz
picked_up/diamond_shovel                146         WarheroesINC
picked_up/diamond_sword                 298         VooDooBR
picked_up/diorite                       13606       flicck
picked_up/diorite_slab                  772         seanwithafada
picked_up/diorite_stairs                112         MRDK_Redocchi
picked_up/diorite_wall                  1417        urseamajoris
picked_up/dirt                          61268       flicck
picked_up/dispenser                     139         Apertur
picked_up/dragon_breath                 360         LoomisFire
picked_up/dragon_egg                    6           MarioFoli
picked_up/dragon_head                   76          A3eead
picked_up/dried_kelp                    1948        Krok_Karot
picked_up/dried_kelp_block              758         Krok_Karot
picked_up/dropper                       162         iiEthan
picked_up/egg                           2647        yesduhh
picked_up/elytra                        166         A3eead
picked_up/emerald                       10700       TheDoctor7562
picked_up/emerald_block                 4975        WinterStars
picked_up/emerald_ore                   95          Shonisaurus
picked_up/enchanted_book                477         LoomisFire
picked_up/enchanted_golden_apple        102         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/enchanting_table              36          Gl0rifiedToaster
picked_up/end_crystal                   664         pyrofail
picked_up/end_rod                       1841        A3eead
picked_up/end_stone                     383017      WinterStars
picked_up/end_stone_brick_slab          2335        WinterStars
picked_up/end_stone_brick_stairs        462         WinterStars
picked_up/end_stone_brick_wall          373         pink_wolf3
picked_up/end_stone_bricks              4546        VooDooBR
picked_up/ender_chest                   844         Vermox
picked_up/ender_eye                     196         A3eead
picked_up/ender_pearl                   44233       Skizzili
picked_up/experience_bottle             256         Shonisaurus
picked_up/feather                       2340        Ratolas6969
picked_up/fermented_spider_eye          94          LoomisFire
picked_up/fern                          115         White_Death02
picked_up/filled_map                    583         pink_wolf3
picked_up/fire_charge                   289         titaniumcow
picked_up/fire_coral                    39          Pulpoide
picked_up/fire_coral_block              335         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/fire_coral_fan                139         OpticsVision
picked_up/firework_rocket               10233       A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/firework_star                 64          Jman_TheGamer
picked_up/fishing_rod                   109         Ctenar
picked_up/fletching_table               95          PlNEAPPLE
picked_up/flint                         4941        pink_wolf3
picked_up/flint_and_steel               60          Morningstars
picked_up/flower_banner_pattern         34          WarheroesINC
picked_up/flower_pot                    133         BiggBillyBobby
picked_up/furnace                       1468        flicck
picked_up/furnace_minecart              3           ContrarianSon
picked_up/ghast_tear                    406         WinterStars
picked_up/glass                         44887       LoomisFire
picked_up/glass_bottle                  1063        TheDoctor7562
picked_up/glass_pane                    2611        arabesquesE
picked_up/glistering_melon_slice        73          WinterStars
picked_up/globe_banner_pattern          9           WarheroesINC
picked_up/glowstone                     1075        OpticsVision
picked_up/glowstone_dust                5122        urseamajoris
picked_up/gold_block                    4092        Vermox
picked_up/gold_ingot                    5464        A3eead
picked_up/gold_nugget                   287963      A3eead
picked_up/gold_ore                      2648        HotCum69420
picked_up/golden_apple                  4414        _squidman
picked_up/golden_axe                    26          titaniumcow
picked_up/golden_boots                  71          Josuke___
picked_up/golden_carrot                 4085        VooDooBR
picked_up/golden_chestplate             70          Josuke___
picked_up/golden_helmet                 59          Cheese_Addict
picked_up/golden_hoe                    10          BirbOnTheWay
picked_up/golden_horse_armor            13          hinata2988
picked_up/golden_leggings               71          titaniumcow
picked_up/golden_pickaxe                16          titaniumcow
picked_up/golden_shovel                 25          Domobriks
picked_up/golden_sword                  2230        xiaotoon
picked_up/granite                       13339       flicck
picked_up/granite_slab                  102         WarheroesINC
picked_up/granite_stairs                27          SolidSock
picked_up/granite_wall                  94          A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/grass                         1404        xiaotoon
picked_up/grass_block                   15106       Goatmir
picked_up/grass_path                    2           muzak23
picked_up/gravel                        30733       SokySergeant
picked_up/gray_banner                   13          BreadyReady, BjonkBoi
picked_up/gray_bed                      52          PlNEAPPLE
picked_up/gray_carpet                   2693        iiEthan
picked_up/gray_concrete                 8611        SokySergeant
picked_up/gray_concrete_powder          5161        iiEthan
picked_up/gray_dye                      1521        Ninobf
picked_up/gray_glazed_terracotta        91          pink_wolf3, Vermox
picked_up/gray_shulker_box              319         AydenSWG
picked_up/gray_stained_glass            1044        Apertur
picked_up/gray_stained_glass_pane       444         A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/gray_terracotta               4235        Mobzillahz
picked_up/gray_wool                     2416        iiEthan
picked_up/green_banner                  11          Mobzillahz
picked_up/green_bed                     15          FriskTempest, Deepfried7
picked_up/green_carpet                  255         HypeZee
picked_up/green_concrete                1279        A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/green_concrete_powder         654         Ninobf
picked_up/green_dye                     3207        TerJul2916
picked_up/green_glazed_terracotta       162         OpticsVision
picked_up/green_shulker_box             161         WinterStars
picked_up/green_stained_glass           114         noodles_for_you
picked_up/green_stained_glass_pane      33          FriskTempest
picked_up/green_terracotta              961         DragonAM
picked_up/green_wool                    862         AlmostPotato
picked_up/grindstone                    145         taorenxuan
picked_up/gunpowder                     16117       TheDoctor7562
picked_up/hay_block                     490         FriskTempest
picked_up/heart_of_the_sea              128         A3eead
picked_up/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate 82          iiEthan
picked_up/honey_block                   326         Jman_TheGamer
picked_up/honey_bottle                  101         titaniumcow
picked_up/honeycomb                     548         FERRARI812A
picked_up/honeycomb_block               640         Jman_TheGamer
picked_up/hopper                        1181        Apertur
picked_up/hopper_minecart               8           peaguy
picked_up/horn_coral                    20          3rr0rGh0st
picked_up/horn_coral_block              344         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/horn_coral_fan                155         HeyItsSirius
picked_up/ice                           28330       Aight_Bet
picked_up/infested_stone_bricks         1           Cheese_Addict
picked_up/ink_sac                       1942        TerJul2916
picked_up/iron_axe                      586         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/iron_bars                     1000        Ninobf
picked_up/iron_block                    4480        Bloxx12
picked_up/iron_boots                    113         VooDooBR
picked_up/iron_chestplate               101         WarheroesINC
picked_up/iron_door                     122         Vermox
picked_up/iron_helmet                   175         Morningstars
picked_up/iron_hoe                      60          WarheroesINC
picked_up/iron_horse_armor              33          TerJul2916
picked_up/iron_ingot                    10739       pink_wolf3
picked_up/iron_leggings                 106         WarheroesINC
picked_up/iron_nugget                   1948        oscarsgon
picked_up/iron_ore                      10672       Josuke___
picked_up/iron_pickaxe                  225         MastaBanana
picked_up/iron_shovel                   146         EggoPhobic
picked_up/iron_sword                    128         TerJul2916
picked_up/iron_trapdoor                 261         Apertur
picked_up/item_frame                    653         pink_wolf3
picked_up/jack_o_lantern                389         pink_wolf3
picked_up/jukebox                       67          titaniumcow
picked_up/jungle_boat                   121         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/jungle_button                 91          WinterStars
picked_up/jungle_door                   32          VTD
picked_up/jungle_fence                  226         HoleInMyHouse
picked_up/jungle_fence_gate             1741        Mobzillahz
picked_up/jungle_leaves                 1952        Crack3RSss
picked_up/jungle_log                    20981       TheDoctor7562
picked_up/jungle_planks                 7527        WinterStars
picked_up/jungle_pressure_plate         15          HoleInMyHouse
picked_up/jungle_sapling                2617        TheDoctor7562
picked_up/jungle_sign                   132         WinterStars
picked_up/jungle_slab                   1279        6299355
picked_up/jungle_stairs                 106         Kirito_89
picked_up/jungle_trapdoor               520         Not_Pickles
picked_up/jungle_wood                   256         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/kelp                          43491       Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/ladder                        2566        TerJul2916
picked_up/lantern                       1085        WinterStars
picked_up/lapis_block                   803         iiEthan
picked_up/lapis_lazuli                  13573       Josuke___
picked_up/lapis_ore                     633         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/large_fern                    6           Atomixx_125, spaccebean
picked_up/lava_bucket                   91          LoomisFire
picked_up/lead                          381         Shonisaurus
picked_up/leather                       3084        Universz
picked_up/leather_boots                 61          Josuke___
picked_up/leather_chestplate            72          NoLongerCreative
picked_up/leather_helmet                41          Josuke___
picked_up/leather_horse_armor           3           strssed
picked_up/leather_leggings              59          Josuke___
picked_up/lectern                       480         PlNEAPPLE
picked_up/lever                         599         BiggBillyBobby
picked_up/light_blue_banner             73          WarheroesINC
picked_up/light_blue_bed                95          Morningstars
picked_up/light_blue_carpet             1861        iiEthan
picked_up/light_blue_concrete           3874        HotCum69420
picked_up/light_blue_concrete_powder    2531        melody_florum
picked_up/light_blue_dye                756         VTD
picked_up/light_blue_glazed_terracotta  89          kristalic
picked_up/light_blue_shulker_box        554         AydenSWG
picked_up/light_blue_stained_glass      3057        iiUltra
picked_up/light_blue_stained_glass_pane 1723        gerbilcity
picked_up/light_blue_terracotta         1956        Mobzillahz
picked_up/light_blue_wool               1334        iiEthan
picked_up/light_gray_banner             4           Dinoboy92006
picked_up/light_gray_bed                29          Survivorjwh
picked_up/light_gray_carpet             59          BioticWhisper
picked_up/light_gray_concrete           11953       Mobzillahz
picked_up/light_gray_concrete_powder    2685        BjonkBoi
picked_up/light_gray_dye                451         FoxShine
picked_up/light_gray_glazed_terracotta  350         WinterStars
picked_up/light_gray_shulker_box        193         Xx_uwumaster_xX
picked_up/light_gray_stained_glass      2616        Sammy_Wolfje
picked_up/light_gray_stained_glass_pane 272         RaiseTheBar
picked_up/light_gray_terracotta         5595        Mobzillahz
picked_up/light_gray_wool               971         Cooopl
picked_up/light_weighted_pressure_plate 240         yaxley_peaks
picked_up/lilac                         81          CR_O_WW, gerbilcity
picked_up/lily_of_the_valley            161         mariab16_
picked_up/lily_pad                      92          pink_wolf3
picked_up/lime_banner                   44          Froggy_Jaiden
picked_up/lime_bed                      44          VTD
picked_up/lime_carpet                   751         Froggy_Jaiden
picked_up/lime_concrete                 1999        retconned
picked_up/lime_concrete_powder          256         Hunt191, Deku_scrub_uwu
picked_up/lime_dye                      257         Dankinese
picked_up/lime_glazed_terracotta        67          BarnabasCube
picked_up/lime_shulker_box              365         LoomisFire
picked_up/lime_stained_glass            1031        Golwarrior80
picked_up/lime_stained_glass_pane       88          retconned
picked_up/lime_terracotta               1192        Mobzillahz
picked_up/lime_wool                     2469        BirbOnTheWay
picked_up/lingering_potion              9           paskeltw8
picked_up/loom                          47          WinterStars
picked_up/magenta_banner                33          Boazer42
picked_up/magenta_bed                   13          HyperGamer3500
picked_up/magenta_carpet                18          iWeabs
picked_up/magenta_concrete              530         Silloter
picked_up/magenta_concrete_powder       256         Hunt191
picked_up/magenta_dye                   258         SokySergeant
picked_up/magenta_glazed_terracotta     66          Aight_Bet
picked_up/magenta_shulker_box           131         gunnmaster4
picked_up/magenta_stained_glass         333         Bomo
picked_up/magenta_stained_glass_pane    48          sokang
picked_up/magenta_terracotta            323         Atomixx_125
picked_up/magenta_wool                  957         WinterStars
picked_up/magma_block                   4369        SokySergeant
picked_up/magma_cream                   278         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/map                           100         pink_wolf3
picked_up/melon                         15711       titaniumcow
picked_up/melon_seeds                   1348        Munch_owo
picked_up/melon_slice                   78867       A3eead
picked_up/milk_bucket                   181         titaniumcow
picked_up/minecart                      321         iiEthan
picked_up/mojang_banner_pattern         9           HoleInMyHouse
picked_up/mossy_cobblestone             1506        Morningstars
picked_up/mossy_cobblestone_slab        82          Pulpoide
picked_up/mossy_cobblestone_stairs      90          thememelord125
picked_up/mossy_cobblestone_wall        6           ERROR, 5space
picked_up/mossy_stone_brick_slab        268         flicck
picked_up/mossy_stone_brick_stairs      103         flicck
picked_up/mossy_stone_brick_wall        9           _noZen_
picked_up/mossy_stone_bricks            4251        Cyboogie
picked_up/mushroom_stem                 541         Bloxx12
picked_up/mushroom_stew                 529         Boppolopian
picked_up/music_disc_11                 97          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_13                 115         titaniumcow
picked_up/music_disc_blocks             85          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_cat                78          Gallerine
picked_up/music_disc_chirp              135         Dankinese
picked_up/music_disc_far                29          Gallerine
picked_up/music_disc_mall               36          VooDooBR
picked_up/music_disc_mellohi            245         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_stal               581         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/music_disc_strad              364         Skizzili
picked_up/music_disc_wait               38          GoatTea
picked_up/music_disc_ward               73          VooDooBR
picked_up/mutton                        636         WinterStars
picked_up/mycelium                      3467        LoomisFire
picked_up/name_tag                      113         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/nautilus_shell                171         ZFM_Chemon
picked_up/nether_brick                  22332       flicck
picked_up/nether_brick_fence            479         WinterStars
picked_up/nether_brick_slab             3485        flicck
picked_up/nether_brick_stairs           93          iWeabs
picked_up/nether_brick_wall             265         Buitragox
picked_up/nether_bricks                 8494        WinterStars
picked_up/nether_quartz_ore             13548       OpticsVision
picked_up/nether_star                   150         Bomo
picked_up/nether_wart                   23889       Not_Pickles
picked_up/nether_wart_block             154         TerJul2916
picked_up/netherrack                    92958       WinterStars
picked_up/note_block                    338         Ohelnko
picked_up/oak_boat                      788         Kalaconzti
picked_up/oak_button                    639         Skizzili
picked_up/oak_door                      394         Dasckepur
picked_up/oak_fence                     2224        Moist_Sock
picked_up/oak_fence_gate                196         paskeltw8
picked_up/oak_leaves                    28921       Dankinese
picked_up/oak_log                       30074       FriskTempest
picked_up/oak_planks                    26746       FriskTempest
picked_up/oak_pressure_plate            121         ahshen1007
picked_up/oak_sapling                   7717        FriskTempest
picked_up/oak_sign                      1009        taorenxuan
picked_up/oak_slab                      3022        eric0852
picked_up/oak_stairs                    945         Moist_Sock
picked_up/oak_trapdoor                  1247        Buitragox
picked_up/oak_wood                      255         iiEthan
picked_up/observer                      647         titaniumcow
picked_up/obsidian                      88728       Vermox
picked_up/orange_banner                 12          Vermox
picked_up/orange_bed                    45          titaniumcow
picked_up/orange_carpet                 111         Olivcreeper
picked_up/orange_concrete               1217        iiEthan
picked_up/orange_concrete_powder        722         iiEthan
picked_up/orange_dye                    1202        SokySergeant
picked_up/orange_glazed_terracotta      60          WinterStars
picked_up/orange_shulker_box            251         Cooopl
picked_up/orange_stained_glass          1079        SokySergeant
picked_up/orange_stained_glass_pane     49          flicck
picked_up/orange_terracotta             5396        flicck
picked_up/orange_tulip                  96          HaisaiOjisan
picked_up/orange_wool                   1701        Aight_Bet
picked_up/oxeye_daisy                   1121        xegmaster
picked_up/packed_ice                    49357       Bomo
picked_up/painting                      563         RaiseTheBar
picked_up/paper                         4245        SAMSkywolker
picked_up/peony                         227         Apertur
picked_up/phantom_membrane              1800        flicck
picked_up/pig_spawn_egg                 65          MarioFoli
picked_up/pink_banner                   5           bmo28
picked_up/pink_bed                      132         emowizgnome
picked_up/pink_carpet                   102         HaisaiOjisan
picked_up/pink_concrete                 1763        Crack3RSss
picked_up/pink_concrete_powder          873         Crack3RSss
picked_up/pink_dye                      305         Cheese_Addict
picked_up/pink_glazed_terracotta        105         Aight_Bet
picked_up/pink_shulker_box              233         WinterStars
picked_up/pink_stained_glass            1415        SokySergeant
picked_up/pink_stained_glass_pane       90          Grifstar0
picked_up/pink_terracotta               290         flicck
picked_up/pink_tulip                    254         mariab16_
picked_up/pink_wool                     1304        HaisaiOjisan
picked_up/piston                        425         A3eead
picked_up/player_head                   69          TheDoctor7562
picked_up/podzol                        6543        LoomisFire
picked_up/poisonous_potato              679         LimeishPingu
picked_up/polished_andesite             3185        flicck
picked_up/polished_andesite_slab        738         bruh072
picked_up/polished_andesite_stairs      341         Ninobf
picked_up/polished_diorite              2186        BarnabasCube
picked_up/polished_diorite_slab         2874        BarnabasCube
picked_up/polished_diorite_stairs       979         Ninobf
picked_up/polished_granite              1019        urseamajoris
picked_up/polished_granite_slab         262         WinterStars
picked_up/polished_granite_stairs       162         Generic_Namejpg
picked_up/popped_chorus_fruit           201         Discale
picked_up/poppy                         2332        BioticWhisper
picked_up/porkchop                      625         VooDooBR
picked_up/potato                        112119      LimeishPingu
picked_up/potion                        802         _squidman
picked_up/powered_rail                  1171        Universz
picked_up/prismarine                    11169       Scytrogen
picked_up/prismarine_brick_slab         322         Morningstars
picked_up/prismarine_brick_stairs       648         Pulpoide
picked_up/prismarine_bricks             11663       Scytrogen
picked_up/prismarine_crystals           10360       Scytrogen
picked_up/prismarine_shard              25984       TerJul2916
picked_up/prismarine_slab               2034        P4nD4_Prodigy
picked_up/prismarine_stairs             7223        TerJul2916
picked_up/prismarine_wall               523         Pulpoide
picked_up/pufferfish                    396         MedievalHeat
picked_up/pufferfish_bucket             16          Vermox
picked_up/pumpkin                       5743        AtomicGlaive
picked_up/pumpkin_pie                   967         taorenxuan
picked_up/pumpkin_seeds                 4877        xiaotoon
picked_up/purple_banner                 43          WarheroesINC
picked_up/purple_bed                    158         LoomisFire
picked_up/purple_carpet                 201         Froggy_Jaiden
picked_up/purple_concrete               2325        GoatTea
picked_up/purple_concrete_powder        318         Crack3RSss
picked_up/purple_dye                    318         HolySuicidalTrky
picked_up/purple_glazed_terracotta      129         OpticsVision
picked_up/purple_shulker_box            168         iiEthan
picked_up/purple_stained_glass          498         Universz
picked_up/purple_stained_glass_pane     626         PixelCorruptionz
picked_up/purple_terracotta             342         WinterStars
picked_up/purple_wool                   623         Aight_Bet
picked_up/purpur_block                  3152        A3eead
picked_up/purpur_pillar                 1380        A3eead
picked_up/purpur_slab                   376         Bomo
picked_up/purpur_stairs                 717         xAzaleh
picked_up/quartz                        37665       OpticsVision
picked_up/quartz_block                  2291        Ninobf
picked_up/quartz_pillar                 862         Pulpoide
picked_up/quartz_slab                   1091        Ohelnko
picked_up/quartz_stairs                 557         therealdanka69
picked_up/rabbit                        333         5space
picked_up/rabbit_foot                   107         5space
picked_up/rabbit_hide                   682         5space
picked_up/rabbit_stew                   32          titaniumcow
picked_up/rail                          3078        BiggBillyBobby
picked_up/red_banner                    128         WarheroesINC
picked_up/red_bed                       95          Adriany9
picked_up/red_carpet                    406         rojahel
picked_up/red_concrete                  3444        iiEthan
picked_up/red_concrete_powder           3235        iiEthan
picked_up/red_dye                       1112        WarheroesINC
picked_up/red_glazed_terracotta         327         Cheese_Addict
picked_up/red_mushroom                  594         Froggy_Jaiden
picked_up/red_mushroom_block            3939        Bloxx12
picked_up/red_nether_brick_slab         158         HypeZee
picked_up/red_nether_brick_stairs       23          PixelCorruptionz
picked_up/red_nether_brick_wall         15          Shadow15747
picked_up/red_nether_bricks             766         PixelCorruptionz
picked_up/red_sand                      8864        Dankinese
picked_up/red_sandstone                 259         Morningstars
picked_up/red_sandstone_slab            6           Josuke___
picked_up/red_sandstone_stairs          165         Morningstars
picked_up/red_sandstone_wall            12          Suderman
picked_up/red_shulker_box               945         WinterStars
picked_up/red_stained_glass             1989        flicck
picked_up/red_stained_glass_pane        195         FoxShine
picked_up/red_terracotta                1433        ERROR
picked_up/red_tulip                     148         HaisaiOjisan
picked_up/red_wool                      1207        TerJul2916
picked_up/redstone                      27665       Josuke___
picked_up/redstone_block                1421        SokySergeant
picked_up/redstone_lamp                 540         dapp3r
picked_up/redstone_ore                  4055        Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/redstone_torch                762         TerJul2916
picked_up/repeater                      460         iiEthan
picked_up/rose_bush                     1238        Josuke___
picked_up/rotten_flesh                  28477       A3eead
picked_up/saddle                        187         WinterStars
picked_up/salmon                        1533        ZFM_Chemon
picked_up/salmon_bucket                 36          Josuke___
picked_up/salmon_spawn_egg              1           iiEthan
picked_up/sand                          74164       WinterStars
picked_up/sandstone                     55493       OpticsVision
picked_up/sandstone_slab                679         HotCum69420
picked_up/sandstone_stairs              857         AydenSWG
picked_up/sandstone_wall                372         bmo28
picked_up/scaffolding                   7192        kristalic
picked_up/scute                         503         HeyItsSirius
picked_up/sea_lantern                   1373        Morningstars
picked_up/sea_pickle                    1215        Melancholical
picked_up/seagrass                      2241        HeyItsSirius
picked_up/shears                        101         Mobzillahz
picked_up/shield                        173         WarheroesINC
picked_up/shulker_box                   2021        WinterStars
picked_up/shulker_shell                 2654        A3eead
picked_up/skeleton_skull                8           Vermox
picked_up/skeleton_spawn_egg            1           TheGirlYouForgot
picked_up/skull_banner_pattern          2           arabesquesE, 5space, l3go82
picked_up/slime_ball                    18065       Morningstars
picked_up/slime_block                   5557        Morningstars
picked_up/smithing_table                115         Josuke___
picked_up/smoker                        178         A_Hundred_Ninjas
picked_up/smooth_quartz                 870         Apertur
picked_up/smooth_quartz_slab            532         HeyItsSirius
picked_up/smooth_quartz_stairs          278         HeyItsSirius
picked_up/smooth_red_sandstone          11          kristalic
picked_up/smooth_red_sandstone_stairs   13          ShibeMlem
picked_up/smooth_sandstone              2354        Mobzillahz
picked_up/smooth_sandstone_slab         1143        Dasckepur
picked_up/smooth_sandstone_stairs       122         Mobzillahz
picked_up/smooth_stone                  6256        taorenxuan
picked_up/smooth_stone_slab             2934        Ninobf
picked_up/snow                          9581        VTD
picked_up/snow_block                    1479        Bomo
picked_up/snowball                      24992       Kylie_855
picked_up/soul_sand                     7184        Ohelnko
picked_up/spectral_arrow                140         TheDoctor7562
picked_up/spider_eye                    1898        TheDoctor7562
picked_up/splash_potion                 470         LoomisFire
picked_up/sponge                        940         Ohelnko
picked_up/spruce_boat                   1152        Despacito298
picked_up/spruce_button                 1098        Skizzili
picked_up/spruce_door                   308         Turbo600
picked_up/spruce_fence                  1420        gerbilcity
picked_up/spruce_fence_gate             403         iiired
picked_up/spruce_leaves                 18872       Diamond_Miner317
picked_up/spruce_log                    64873       Not_Pickles
picked_up/spruce_planks                 6378        BjonkBoi
picked_up/spruce_pressure_plate         100         Skizzili
picked_up/spruce_sapling                11102       bxys
picked_up/spruce_sign                   1839        AydenSWG
picked_up/spruce_slab                   3468        DragonAM
picked_up/spruce_stairs                 1181        SAMSkywolker
picked_up/spruce_trapdoor               1425        gunnmaster4
picked_up/spruce_wood                   2593        ScorpionsScar
picked_up/stick                         12953       WinterStars
picked_up/sticky_piston                 268         Trollcraftz
picked_up/stone                         124395      flicck
picked_up/stone_axe                     170         DragonAM
picked_up/stone_brick_slab              3077        arabesquesE
picked_up/stone_brick_stairs            1966        Ninobf
picked_up/stone_brick_wall              1187        flicck
picked_up/stone_bricks                  12549       IceRice
picked_up/stone_button                  1016        A3eead
picked_up/stone_hoe                     117         Kalaconzti
picked_up/stone_pickaxe                 372         DarthNojo
picked_up/stone_pressure_plate          54          bmo28
picked_up/stone_shovel                  785         TerJul2916
picked_up/stone_slab                    3950        Ninobf
picked_up/stone_stairs                  1950        flicck
picked_up/stone_sword                   466         WinterStars
picked_up/stonecutter                   80          Ninobf
picked_up/string                        3336        IcyToast713
picked_up/stripped_acacia_log           374         intamd
picked_up/stripped_acacia_wood          3           bmo28
picked_up/stripped_birch_log            545         CroxieBoi
picked_up/stripped_birch_wood           360         Dasckepur
picked_up/stripped_dark_oak_log         994         flicck
picked_up/stripped_dark_oak_wood        36          NT8
picked_up/stripped_jungle_log           94          HoleInMyHouse
picked_up/stripped_jungle_wood          9           WarheroesINC
picked_up/stripped_oak_log              1407        Apertur
picked_up/stripped_oak_wood             348         Dankinese
picked_up/stripped_spruce_log           1129        Vlanzing
picked_up/stripped_spruce_wood          94          Dasckepur
picked_up/sugar                         1231        Cheese_Addict
picked_up/sugar_cane                    99016       Kalaconzti
picked_up/sunflower                     11165       Vermox
picked_up/suspicious_stew               39          AydenSWG
picked_up/sweet_berries                 26063       Crack3RSss
picked_up/terracotta                    14483       WinterStars
picked_up/tipped_arrow                  635         A3eead
picked_up/tnt                           1829        WinterStars
picked_up/tnt_minecart                  67          GoatTea
picked_up/torch                         9941        SokySergeant
picked_up/totem_of_undying              1226        TheDoctor7562
picked_up/trapped_chest                 20          JustJacob441
picked_up/trident                       100         Mobzillahz
picked_up/tripwire_hook                 37          m4tthew11
picked_up/tropical_fish                 80          Shonisaurus
picked_up/tropical_fish_bucket          9           kristalic, Pulpoide, FoxRaid
picked_up/tube_coral                    41          MrPotat8os
picked_up/tube_coral_block              269         Bjorn_bernarsson
picked_up/tube_coral_fan                133         OpticsVision
picked_up/turtle_egg                    544         HeyItsSirius
picked_up/turtle_helmet                 36          noodles_for_you
picked_up/villager_spawn_egg            1           flicck, iiEthan
picked_up/vine                          1068        TrenchCoatMafia
picked_up/water_bucket                  166         TerJul2916
picked_up/wet_sponge                    1617        Scytrogen
picked_up/wheat                         17873       Shadow15747
picked_up/wheat_seeds                   45181       Shadow15747
picked_up/white_banner                  2323        TheDoctor7562
picked_up/white_bed                     547         PlNEAPPLE
picked_up/white_carpet                  2112        iiEthan
picked_up/white_concrete                17134       xegmaster
picked_up/white_concrete_powder         25677       mariab16_
picked_up/white_dye                     1875        HolySuicidalTrky
picked_up/white_glazed_terracotta       708         ShibeMlem
picked_up/white_shulker_box             422         gunnmaster4
picked_up/white_stained_glass           501         taorenxuan
picked_up/white_stained_glass_pane      513         pink_wolf3
picked_up/white_terracotta              2796        kristalic
picked_up/white_tulip                   168         mariab16_
picked_up/white_wool                    5893        TerJul2916
picked_up/wither_rose                   7348        Skizzili
picked_up/wither_skeleton_skull         297         LoomisFire
picked_up/wooden_axe                    54          JesusIsBald
picked_up/wooden_hoe                    57          VooDooBR
picked_up/wooden_pickaxe                54          TerJul2916
picked_up/wooden_shovel                 87          JesusIsBald
picked_up/wooden_sword                  481         Despacito298
picked_up/writable_book                 327         HolySuicidalTrky
picked_up/written_book                  1036        TheDoctor7562
picked_up/yellow_banner                 25          stevexm
picked_up/yellow_bed                    48          Leviguy0321
picked_up/yellow_carpet                 573         BioticWhisper
picked_up/yellow_concrete               6597        TheDoctor7562
picked_up/yellow_concrete_powder        12017       TheDoctor7562
picked_up/yellow_dye                    338         WarheroesINC
picked_up/yellow_glazed_terracotta      375         WinterStars
picked_up/yellow_shulker_box            693         Vermox
picked_up/yellow_stained_glass          183         SokySergeant
picked_up/yellow_stained_glass_pane     237         WinterStars
picked_up/yellow_terracotta             8110        WinterStars
picked_up/yellow_wool                   818         gerbilcity
picked_up/zombie_head                   18          TheDoctor7562
used/acacia_boat                        248         Josuke___
used/acacia_button                      408         LimeishPingu
used/acacia_door                        38          TurtlesAreNice
used/acacia_fence                       566         OpticsVision
used/acacia_fence_gate                  31          arabesquesE
used/acacia_leaves                      339         BlueDemonTR
used/acacia_log                         3102        OpticsVision
used/acacia_planks                      3497        LimeishPingu
used/acacia_pressure_plate              25          HoleInMyHouse
used/acacia_sapling                     552         TurtlesAreNice
used/acacia_sign                        100         Deepfried7
used/acacia_slab                        4365        LimeishPingu
used/acacia_stairs                      817         Ga1axyX
used/acacia_trapdoor                    88          Deepfried7
used/acacia_wood                        413         6299355
used/activator_rail                     102         iiEthan
used/allium                             57          Grifstar0
used/andesite                           2826        OpticsVision
used/andesite_slab                      887         CR_O_WW
used/andesite_stairs                    1887        Ninobf
used/andesite_wall                      713         CR_O_WW
used/anvil                              133         TheDoctor7562
used/apple                              889         FriskTempest
used/armor_stand                        204         Boomdacow
used/azure_bluet                        44          Buitragox
used/baked_potato                       6065        Cooopl
used/bamboo                             2501        clemens1234
used/barrel                             905         titaniumcow
used/barrier                            375         thex23
used/bat_spawn_egg                      4           iiEthan
used/beacon                             248         WinterStars
used/bedrock                            871         MarioFoli
used/bee_nest                           49          _noZen_
used/bee_spawn_egg                      50          iiEthan
used/beef                               238         TerJul2916
used/beehive                            77          willt_7
used/beetroot                           130         Pulpoide
used/beetroot_seeds                     5457        Popsicle_n
used/beetroot_soup                      26          Melancholical, Froggy_Jaiden
used/bell                               48          Vermox
used/birch_boat                         192         LoomisFire
used/birch_button                       334         PixelCorruptionz
used/birch_door                         109         AKHolmes1
used/birch_fence                        693         cSharpMajor0091
used/birch_fence_gate                   975         Lifelexx
used/birch_leaves                       1786        Vermox
used/birch_log                          6201        xegmaster
used/birch_planks                       5286        Cheese_Addict
used/birch_pressure_plate               518         paskeltw8
used/birch_sapling                      689         Bomo
used/birch_sign                         1170        WinterStars
used/birch_slab                         3965        retconned
used/birch_stairs                       809         Salty_May0
used/birch_trapdoor                     3163        Dasckepur
used/birch_wood                         3314        WinterStars
used/black_banner                       204         WarheroesINC
used/black_bed                          580         PlNEAPPLE
used/black_carpet                       3267        iiEthan
used/black_concrete                     12613       flicck
used/black_concrete_powder              17348       flicck
used/black_glazed_terracotta            642         kristalic
used/black_shulker_box                  172         BarnabasCube
used/black_stained_glass                44169       WinterStars
used/black_stained_glass_pane           3041        Ninobf
used/black_terracotta                   4944        WinterStars
used/black_wool                         6393        WinterStars
used/blast_furnace                      153         AveragelyBelow
used/blaze_spawn_egg                    39          MarioFoli
used/blue_banner                        54          hedwigtheowl
used/blue_bed                           48          Adriany9
used/blue_carpet                        359         Grifstar0
used/blue_concrete                      6818        iiEthan
used/blue_concrete_powder               1846        iiEthan
used/blue_glazed_terracotta             148         Cheese_Addict
used/blue_ice                           6465        Skizzili
used/blue_orchid                        126         Froggy_Jaiden
used/blue_shulker_box                   764         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/blue_stained_glass                 6462        Bjorn_bernarsson
used/blue_stained_glass_pane            110         LimeishPingu
used/blue_terracotta                    6691        iiEthan
used/blue_wool                          477         vvdb
used/bone_block                         4068        arabesquesE
used/bone_meal                          1685        Vermox
used/bookshelf                          1945        PlNEAPPLE
used/bow                                16514       WinterStars
used/brain_coral                        18          FoxRaid
used/brain_coral_block                  110         FoxRaid
used/brain_coral_fan                    53          FoxRaid
used/bread                              2190        LoomisFire
used/brewing_stand                      203         LoomisFire
used/brick_slab                         1701        archerhead
used/brick_stairs                       297         archerhead
used/brick_wall                         23          IceRice
used/bricks                             2451        OnlyBlankStares
used/brown_banner                       19          FriskTempest
used/brown_bed                          8           MILWAGA
used/brown_carpet                       908         Kalaconzti
used/brown_concrete                     326         Crack3RSss
used/brown_concrete_powder              513         Crack3RSss
used/brown_glazed_terracotta            975         OpticsVision
used/brown_mushroom                     94          yaxley_peaks
used/brown_mushroom_block               432         GachiKiller
used/brown_shulker_box                  221         gunnmaster4
used/brown_stained_glass                122         deceiverW
used/brown_stained_glass_pane           24          FoxRaid
used/brown_terracotta                   2069        A3eead
used/brown_wool                         128         Cooopl
used/bubble_coral                       10          Pulpoide
used/bubble_coral_block                 121         FoxRaid
used/bubble_coral_fan                   79          FoxRaid
used/bucket                             32269       SokySergeant
used/cactus                             5526        Dankinese
used/cake                               908         sokang
used/campfire                           223         ABlazingEBoy
used/carrot                             26454       VooDooBR
used/carrot_on_a_stick                  209         LazuliCrafter
used/cartography_table                  28          Shunot
used/carved_pumpkin                     126         Jman_TheGamer
used/cat_spawn_egg                      21          iiEthan
used/cauldron                           65          Stone___Free
used/chest                              1655        WinterStars
used/chest_minecart                     15          TheDoctor7562, HyperGamer3500
used/chicken                            66          TerJul2916
used/chicken_spawn_egg                  64          TheGirlYouForgot
used/chipped_anvil                      38          Vermox
used/chiseled_quartz_block              245         Ninobf
used/chiseled_red_sandstone             1           bmo28, sokang
used/chiseled_sandstone                 124         Skoozies
used/chiseled_stone_bricks              12666       FriskTempest
used/chorus_flower                      648         Bomo
used/chorus_fruit                       1849        Universz
used/clay                               3630        iiEthan
used/coal_block                         4125        TheDoctor7562
used/coal_ore                           10571       _X_Bow_
used/coarse_dirt                        886         HyperGamer3500
used/cobblestone                        32003       FriskTempest
used/cobblestone_slab                   26300       Dankinese
used/cobblestone_stairs                 2802        oscarsgon
used/cobblestone_wall                   2416        oscarsgon
used/cobweb                             4138        iiEthan
used/cocoa_beans                        1132        BioticWhisper
used/cod                                614         P4nD4_Prodigy
used/cod_bucket                         34          VooDooBR
used/cod_spawn_egg                      17          iiEthan
used/command_block                      45          muzak23
used/comparator                         234         iiEthan
used/composter                          266         xiaotoon
used/conduit                            17          Scytrogen
used/cooked_beef                        3141        Universz
used/cooked_chicken                     1155        Percival0707
used/cooked_cod                         1831        Mobzillahz
used/cooked_mutton                      370         HeyItsSirius
used/cooked_porkchop                    5259        WinterStars
used/cooked_rabbit                      371         5space
used/cooked_salmon                      376         NotFromTexas
used/cookie                             3627        Crack3RSss
used/cornflower                         61          Froggy_Jaiden
used/cow_spawn_egg                      12          Cheese_Addict
used/cracked_stone_bricks               442         MarioFoli
used/crafting_table                     2458        FriskTempest
used/creeper_head                       22          TheDoctor7562
used/creeper_spawn_egg                  37          MarioFoli
used/crossbow                           784         titaniumcow
used/cut_red_sandstone                  2           sokang
used/cut_red_sandstone_slab             3           bmo28
used/cut_sandstone                      3142        HotCum69420
used/cut_sandstone_slab                 2781        Curtainn
used/cyan_banner                        11          Morningstars
used/cyan_bed                           16          Goatmir, Vermox
used/cyan_carpet                        550         Ohelnko
used/cyan_concrete                      8815        Bloxx12
used/cyan_concrete_powder               7748        iiEthan
used/cyan_glazed_terracotta             29          xiaotoon
used/cyan_shulker_box                   256         TheDoctor7562
used/cyan_stained_glass                 16815       Ohelnko
used/cyan_stained_glass_pane            87          Vermox
used/cyan_terracotta                    4378        Apertur
used/cyan_wool                          385         _noZen_
used/damaged_anvil                      32          AydenSWG
used/dandelion                          118         paskeltw8
used/dark_oak_boat                      883         LoomisFire
used/dark_oak_button                    8003        Skizzili
used/dark_oak_door                      221         Dasckepur
used/dark_oak_fence                     1445        Dosux2
used/dark_oak_fence_gate                1230        Ohelnko
used/dark_oak_leaves                    2089        FoxRaid
used/dark_oak_log                       7529        flicck
used/dark_oak_planks                    11678       Suderman
used/dark_oak_pressure_plate            93          WarheroesINC
used/dark_oak_sapling                   576         flicck
used/dark_oak_sign                      621         pink_wolf3
used/dark_oak_slab                      16912       HaisaiOjisan
used/dark_oak_stairs                    5559        RaiseTheBar
used/dark_oak_trapdoor                  4581        Ohelnko
used/dark_oak_wood                      2396        FoxRaid
used/dark_prismarine                    1593        Ohelnko
used/dark_prismarine_slab               393         A_Hundred_Ninjas
used/dark_prismarine_stairs             852         A_Hundred_Ninjas
used/daylight_detector                  144         WinterStars
used/dead_brain_coral_block             9           BestE_girl, Gallerine
used/dead_brain_coral_fan               1           Pulpoide
used/dead_bubble_coral_block            4           Grbe_, Turbo600
used/dead_bush                          15          Av_ry
used/dead_fire_coral                    1           LoomisFire, sokang
used/dead_fire_coral_block              13          Tacode
used/dead_fire_coral_fan                1           Pulpoide
used/dead_horn_coral                    2           sokang
used/dead_horn_coral_block              10          Boazer42
used/dead_horn_coral_fan                16          A_Hundred_Ninjas
used/dead_tube_coral_block              5           bmo28
used/debug_stick                        252         muzak23
used/detector_rail                      308         OpticsVision
used/diamond_axe                        19799       titaniumcow
used/diamond_block                      3046        WinterStars
used/diamond_hoe                        4918        Smyles85
used/diamond_ore                        838         A3eead
used/diamond_pickaxe                    626037      WinterStars
used/diamond_shovel                     133705      WinterStars
used/diamond_sword                      72730       Vermox
used/diorite                            2537        Morningstars
used/diorite_slab                       771         5space
used/diorite_stairs                     138         _wariowo
used/diorite_wall                       718         urseamajoris
used/dirt                               32945       Ninobf
used/dispenser                          121         Skizzili
used/dolphin_spawn_egg                  1           iiEthan
used/donkey_spawn_egg                   1           iiEthan
used/dragon_egg                         5           MarioFoli, muzak23
used/dragon_head                        45          WinterStars
used/dried_kelp                         1627        Ifeelhollow
used/dried_kelp_block                   529         yesduhh
used/dropper                            222         Bloxx12
used/egg                                11896       FriskTempest
used/elder_guardian_spawn_egg           1           iiEthan
used/emerald_block                      6136        WinterStars
used/emerald_ore                        56          HotCum69420
used/enchanted_golden_apple             34          TheDoctor7562
used/enchanting_table                   36          Gl0rifiedToaster
used/end_crystal                        192         pink_wolf3
used/end_portal_frame                   22          MarioFoli
used/end_rod                            1607        Ninobf
used/end_stone                          102429      WinterStars
used/end_stone_brick_slab               6693        WinterStars
used/end_stone_brick_stairs             707         WinterStars
used/end_stone_brick_wall               687         WinterStars
used/end_stone_bricks                   4923        Ratolas6969
used/ender_chest                        842         Vermox
used/ender_eye                          154         Vermox
used/ender_pearl                        8416        Universz
used/endermite_spawn_egg                2           flicck
used/evoker_spawn_egg                   2           muzak23
used/experience_bottle                  22343       iiEthan
used/farmland                           13          MarioFoli
used/fern                               21          Pulpoide
used/filled_map                         56          kristalic
used/fire_charge                        338         MarioFoli
used/fire_coral                         24          Pulpoide
used/fire_coral_block                   134         Wandlore22
used/fire_coral_fan                     82          FoxRaid
used/firework_rocket                    3507        TheDoctor7562
used/fishing_rod                        6992        TheFancyPig
used/fletching_table                    107         PlNEAPPLE
used/flint_and_steel                    8961        iiEthan
used/flower_pot                         103         HeyItsSirius
used/fox_spawn_egg                      7           iiEthan
used/furnace                            632         RainbowCandyGirl
used/furnace_minecart                   90          mishzaab
used/ghast_spawn_egg                    6           iiEthan
used/glass                              14965       5space
used/glass_bottle                       928         Dankinese
used/glass_pane                         2515        arabesquesE
used/glowstone                          1050        pink_wolf3
used/gold_block                         3823        Vermox
used/gold_ore                           590         pink_wolf3
used/golden_apple                       1281        _squidman
used/golden_axe                         305         titaniumcow
used/golden_carrot                      3720        A3eead
used/golden_hoe                         54          VooDooBR
used/golden_pickaxe                     1815        kristalic
used/golden_shovel                      928         Domobriks
used/golden_sword                       2498        titaniumcow
used/granite                            1546        Scytrogen
used/granite_slab                       601         Grifstar0
used/granite_stairs                     152         SolidSock
used/granite_wall                       194         AresTheBeast
used/grass                              138         AresTheBeast
used/grass_block                        14343       Goatmir
used/grass_path                         77          flicck
used/gravel                             23442       SokySergeant
used/gray_banner                        13          BreadyReady
used/gray_bed                           55          PlNEAPPLE
used/gray_carpet                        2605        iiEthan
used/gray_concrete                      9481        Ninobf
used/gray_concrete_powder               5731        iiEthan
used/gray_glazed_terracotta             600         kristalic
used/gray_shulker_box                   318         AydenSWG
used/gray_stained_glass                 1269        Apertur
used/gray_stained_glass_pane            861         gerbilcity
used/gray_terracotta                    5659        iiEthan
used/gray_wool                          1102        Apertur
used/green_banner                       15          Mobzillahz
used/green_bed                          35          Ratolas6969
used/green_carpet                       238         HypeZee
used/green_concrete                     496         MarioFoli
used/green_concrete_powder              634         MarioFoli
used/green_glazed_terracotta            1102        OpticsVision
used/green_shulker_box                  158         WinterStars
used/green_stained_glass                434         noodles_for_you
used/green_stained_glass_pane           68          baguna
used/green_terracotta                   3986        Cooopl
used/green_wool                         417         Cooopl
used/grindstone                         103         Brennont97
used/hay_block                          366         FriskTempest
used/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate      567         iiEthan
used/honey_block                        676         willt_7
used/honey_bottle                       102         bmo28
used/honeycomb_block                    333         _noZen_
used/hopper                             1375        A3eead
used/hopper_minecart                    101         TheDoctor7562, pink_wolf3
used/horn_coral                         15          Pulpoide
used/horn_coral_block                   128         FoxRaid
used/horn_coral_fan                     72          FoxRaid
used/horse_spawn_egg                    1           MarioFoli, TheGirlYouForgot
used/ice                                5592        FCKKALLOFYOU
used/infested_chiseled_stone_bricks     1           muzak23
used/infested_stone_bricks              3           Cheese_Addict
used/iron_axe                           7502        TheBat11
used/iron_bars                          1721        OpticsVision
used/iron_block                         3897        Skizzili
used/iron_door                          136         WinterStars
used/iron_hoe                           4648        Smyles85
used/iron_ore                           2776        pink_wolf3
used/iron_pickaxe                       36076       Cooopl
used/iron_shovel                        27254       Morningstars
used/iron_sword                         10135       Josuke___
used/iron_trapdoor                      1892        iiEthan
used/item_frame                         1423        pink_wolf3
used/jack_o_lantern                     326         pink_wolf3
used/jukebox                            84          titaniumcow
used/jungle_boat                        194         MastaBanana
used/jungle_button                      1168        LazuliCrafter
used/jungle_door                        30          Reilax
used/jungle_fence                       514         Shonisaurus
used/jungle_fence_gate                  1306        Mobzillahz
used/jungle_leaves                      690         xegmaster
used/jungle_log                         1436        vvdb
used/jungle_planks                      2016        RoxySimp
used/jungle_pressure_plate              26          Vonify_Melwin
used/jungle_sapling                     422         willt_7
used/jungle_sign                        307         WinterStars
used/jungle_slab                        1010        6299355
used/jungle_stairs                      283         LysFisk
used/jungle_trapdoor                    367         Not_Pickles
used/jungle_wood                        410         6299355
used/kelp                               3179        WinterStars
used/ladder                             703         Proatus
used/lantern                            1151        Skizzili
used/lapis_block                        441         iiEthan
used/lapis_ore                          565         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/large_fern                         2           Atomixx_125, spaccebean
used/lava_bucket                        2098        LoomisFire
used/lead                               19          Tetracontadi
used/lectern                            537         PlNEAPPLE
used/lever                              491         BiggBillyBobby
used/light_blue_banner                  87          Morningstars
used/light_blue_bed                     147         Morningstars
used/light_blue_carpet                  1339        iiEthan
used/light_blue_concrete                11895       iiEthan
used/light_blue_concrete_powder         2624        melody_florum
used/light_blue_glazed_terracotta       1024        kristalic
used/light_blue_shulker_box             554         AydenSWG
used/light_blue_stained_glass           7382        Ninobf
used/light_blue_stained_glass_pane      3376        Ninobf
used/light_blue_terracotta              5526        iiEthan
used/light_blue_wool                    350         vvdb
used/light_gray_banner                  20          Apertur
used/light_gray_bed                     32          Survivorjwh
used/light_gray_carpet                  1835        pink_wolf3
used/light_gray_concrete                8294        Mobzillahz
used/light_gray_concrete_powder         4585        kristalic
used/light_gray_glazed_terracotta       331         WinterStars
used/light_gray_shulker_box             193         Xx_uwumaster_xX
used/light_gray_stained_glass           2766        pink_wolf3
used/light_gray_stained_glass_pane      979         xegmaster
used/light_gray_terracotta              1189        Atomixx_125
used/light_gray_wool                    817         Cooopl
used/light_weighted_pressure_plate      3717        yaxley_peaks
used/lilac                              40          stacy581
used/lily_of_the_valley                 45          pine351apple
used/lily_pad                           66          stacy581
used/lime_banner                        41          Froggy_Jaiden
used/lime_bed                           31          VTD
used/lime_carpet                        679         Froggy_Jaiden
used/lime_concrete                      2900        retconned
used/lime_concrete_powder               2630        retconned
used/lime_glazed_terracotta             56          BarnabasCube
used/lime_shulker_box                   351         LoomisFire
used/lime_stained_glass                 2476        TheBat11
used/lime_stained_glass_pane            516         retconned
used/lime_terracotta                    5096        OpticsVision
used/lime_wool                          680         BirbOnTheWay
used/lingering_potion                   1051        MarioFoli
used/llama_spawn_egg                    1           iiEthan
used/loom                               28          BlueDemonTR
used/magenta_banner                     15          bmo28
used/magenta_bed                        15          HyperGamer3500
used/magenta_carpet                     34          Crack3RSss
used/magenta_concrete                   410         Silloter
used/magenta_concrete_powder            320         Hunt191
used/magenta_glazed_terracotta          80          Aight_Bet
used/magenta_shulker_box                129         gunnmaster4
used/magenta_stained_glass              169         Bomo
used/magenta_stained_glass_pane         203         Bomo
used/magenta_terracotta                 1519        pink_wolf3
used/magenta_wool                       797         WinterStars
used/magma_block                        1339        GoatTea
used/magma_cube_spawn_egg               21          MarioFoli
used/map                                43          ShibeMlem
used/melon                              11169       TheBat11
used/melon_seeds                        1664        titaniumcow
used/melon_slice                        3371        iamapug30
used/milk_bucket                        98          5space
used/minecart                           374         iiEthan
used/mooshroom_spawn_egg                1           MarioFoli
used/mossy_cobblestone                  324         TrenchCoatMafia
used/mossy_cobblestone_slab             68          TrenchCoatMafia
used/mossy_cobblestone_stairs           40          thememelord125
used/mossy_cobblestone_wall             24          PawlockHolmes
used/mossy_stone_brick_slab             593         _noZen_
used/mossy_stone_brick_stairs           97          _noZen_
used/mossy_stone_brick_wall             13          _noZen_
used/mossy_stone_bricks                 985         MarioFoli
used/mushroom_stem                      885         iiEthan
used/mushroom_stew                      183         Boppolopian
used/music_disc_11                      94          TheDoctor7562
used/music_disc_13                      112         titaniumcow
used/music_disc_blocks                  84          TheDoctor7562
used/music_disc_cat                     77          Gallerine
used/music_disc_chirp                   130         Dankinese
used/music_disc_far                     29          Gallerine
used/music_disc_mall                    35          VooDooBR
used/music_disc_mellohi                 239         TheDoctor7562
used/music_disc_stal                    567         TheDoctor7562
used/music_disc_strad                   364         Skizzili
used/music_disc_wait                    37          GoatTea
used/music_disc_ward                    72          VooDooBR
used/mutton                             109         pallow
used/mycelium                           3281        LoomisFire
used/nether_brick_fence                 419         vvdb
used/nether_brick_slab                  5803        flicck
used/nether_brick_stairs                1657        MarioFoli
used/nether_brick_wall                  657         Golwarrior80
used/nether_bricks                      9805        flicck
used/nether_quartz_ore                  10077       OpticsVision
used/nether_wart                        10156       Not_Pickles
used/nether_wart_block                  435         _wariowo
used/netherrack                         30156       Universz
used/note_block                         387         Ohelnko
used/oak_boat                           637         Kalaconzti
used/oak_button                         1296        Cooopl
used/oak_door                           287         FriskTempest
used/oak_fence                          3144        FriskTempest
used/oak_fence_gate                     269         Gwineafowl
used/oak_leaves                         13594       Ninobf
used/oak_log                            8901        bmo28
used/oak_planks                         30335       FriskTempest
used/oak_pressure_plate                 50          ahshen1007
used/oak_sapling                        2728        FriskTempest
used/oak_sign                           1715        Dankinese
used/oak_slab                           2871        Not_Pickles
used/oak_stairs                         1386        IntrovertDeity
used/oak_trapdoor                       2030        Apertur
used/oak_wood                           996         Ninobf
used/observer                           643         titaniumcow
used/obsidian                           19646       xiaotoon
used/ocelot_spawn_egg                   2           iiEthan
used/orange_banner                      17          Vermox
used/orange_bed                         54          titaniumcow
used/orange_carpet                      975         pink_wolf3
used/orange_concrete                    2277        gunnmaster4
used/orange_concrete_powder             1346        iiEthan
used/orange_glazed_terracotta           71          WinterStars
used/orange_shulker_box                 251         Cooopl
used/orange_stained_glass               3956        SokySergeant
used/orange_stained_glass_pane          47          TheDoctor7562
used/orange_terracotta                  1335        pink_wolf3
used/orange_tulip                       35          Froggy_Jaiden
used/orange_wool                        668         vvdb
used/oxeye_daisy                        429         Golwarrior80
used/packed_ice                         13964       pink_wolf3
used/painting                           588         RaiseTheBar
used/panda_spawn_egg                    1           iiEthan
used/parrot_spawn_egg                   62          iiEthan
used/peony                              82          Froggy_Jaiden
used/phantom_spawn_egg                  1           iiEthan
used/pig_spawn_egg                      15          iiEthan
used/pink_banner                        5           bmo28, Vermox
used/pink_bed                           144         emowizgnome
used/pink_carpet                        1986        HaisaiOjisan
used/pink_concrete                      6861        iiEthan
used/pink_concrete_powder               1658        Crack3RSss
used/pink_glazed_terracotta             194         WinterStars
used/pink_shulker_box                   228         WinterStars
used/pink_stained_glass                 4927        HaisaiOjisan
used/pink_stained_glass_pane            586         Grifstar0
used/pink_terracotta                    361         CR_O_WW
used/pink_tulip                         29          LazuliCrafter
used/pink_wool                          915         WinterStars
used/piston                             452         pink_wolf3
used/player_head                        93          muzak23
used/podzol                             1588        ROXANDLOL_HD
used/poisonous_potato                   73          TerJul2916
used/polar_bear_spawn_egg               1           iiEthan
used/polished_andesite                  8367        exgodstatus
used/polished_andesite_slab             2660        HotCum69420
used/polished_andesite_stairs           661         Ninobf
used/polished_diorite                   7740        retconned
used/polished_diorite_slab              8724        BarnabasCube
used/polished_diorite_stairs            4088        Ninobf
used/polished_granite                   2543        Ninobf
used/polished_granite_slab              414         Ludwig_The_Train, NT8
used/polished_granite_stairs            610         Generic_Namejpg
used/poppy                              1139        vvdb
used/porkchop                           77          TerJul2916
used/potato                             38374       LimeishPingu
used/potion                             543         titaniumcow
used/powered_rail                       3722        pink_wolf3
used/prismarine                         5085        Scytrogen
used/prismarine_brick_slab              1992        Ohelnko
used/prismarine_brick_stairs            8338        Bloxx12
used/prismarine_bricks                  6839        Mobzillahz
used/prismarine_slab                    2523        Ohelnko
used/prismarine_stairs                  429         Scytrogen
used/prismarine_wall                    333         Pulpoide
used/pufferfish                         32          FriskTempest
used/pufferfish_bucket                  17          TheDoctor7562, dannydogd
used/pufferfish_spawn_egg               4           iiEthan
used/pumpkin                            1940        dvckiz
used/pumpkin_pie                        987         ShibeMlem
used/pumpkin_seeds                      268         Supremossaurus
used/purple_banner                      28          kristalic, WarheroesINC
used/purple_bed                         175         LoomisFire
used/purple_carpet                      204         Froggy_Jaiden
used/purple_concrete                    2186        GoatTea
used/purple_concrete_powder             400         iiEthan
used/purple_glazed_terracotta           254         OpticsVision
used/purple_shulker_box                 165         iiEthan
used/purple_stained_glass               4102        WinterStars
used/purple_stained_glass_pane          1809        kristalic
used/purple_terracotta                  810         Kalaconzti
used/purple_wool                        3256        gunnmaster4
used/purpur_block                       2817        Golwarrior80
used/purpur_pillar                      687         A3eead
used/purpur_slab                        417         Bomo
used/purpur_stairs                      689         Buitragox
used/quartz_block                       9153        Ninobf
used/quartz_pillar                      2381        OpticsVision
used/quartz_slab                        4416        Not_Pickles
used/quartz_stairs                      914         OpticsVision
used/rabbit                             98          5space
used/rabbit_spawn_egg                   1           iiEthan
used/rabbit_stew                        16          TheDoctor7562
used/rail                               3353        OpticsVision
used/red_banner                         69          WarheroesINC
used/red_bed                            95          Adriany9
used/red_carpet                         2209        pink_wolf3
used/red_concrete                       4005        iiEthan
used/red_concrete_powder                3233        iiEthan
used/red_glazed_terracotta              573         kristalic
used/red_mushroom                       139         Bloxx12
used/red_mushroom_block                 1221        ABlazingEBoy
used/red_nether_brick_slab              589         HypeZee
used/red_nether_brick_stairs            514         thex23
used/red_nether_brick_wall              225         thex23
used/red_nether_bricks                  3826        Not_Pickles
used/red_sand                           5938        Dankinese
used/red_sandstone                      1383        czib
used/red_sandstone_slab                 2           bmo28, Josuke___
used/red_sandstone_stairs               51          Morningstars
used/red_sandstone_wall                 32          Suderman
used/red_shulker_box                    938         WinterStars
used/red_stained_glass                  2186        flicck
used/red_stained_glass_pane             899         N0ODL3S
used/red_terracotta                     1025        Arkanism
used/red_tulip                          73          Buitragox
used/red_wool                           735         vvdb
used/redstone                           1799        OpticsVision
used/redstone_block                     1090        flicck
used/redstone_lamp                      615         dapp3r
used/redstone_ore                       2894        _X_Bow_
used/redstone_torch                     1630        OpticsVision
used/repeater                           729         OpticsVision
used/rose_bush                          261         yaxley_peaks
used/rotten_flesh                       1662        5space
used/salmon                             47          BlazingIcicle
used/salmon_bucket                      494         Josuke___
used/salmon_spawn_egg                   39          iiEthan
used/sand                               22604       Scytrogen
used/sandstone                          10575       bmo28
used/sandstone_slab                     2380        Crack3RSss
used/sandstone_stairs                   2381        kristalic
used/sandstone_wall                     852         bmo28
used/scaffolding                        6033        kristalic
used/sea_lantern                        1087        Not_Pickles
used/sea_pickle                         477         Gallerine
used/seagrass                           329         _squidman
used/shears                             6224        exgodstatus
used/sheep_spawn_egg                    14          Cheese_Addict
used/shulker_box                        1965        WinterStars
used/silverfish_spawn_egg               49          muzak23
used/skeleton_horse_spawn_egg           2           iiEthan
used/skeleton_skull                     3           iiUltra
used/skeleton_spawn_egg                 12          MarioFoli
used/slime_block                        998         Morningstars
used/smithing_table                     522         Josuke___
used/smoker                             80          _N3zuko_
used/smooth_quartz                      2098        Apertur
used/smooth_quartz_slab                 1114        HeyItsSirius
used/smooth_quartz_stairs               522         HeyItsSirius
used/smooth_red_sandstone               4           Morningstars
used/smooth_red_sandstone_slab          1           bmo28
used/smooth_red_sandstone_stairs        23          Silloter
used/smooth_sandstone                   6708        Dasckepur
used/smooth_sandstone_slab              2788        Dasckepur
used/smooth_sandstone_stairs            271         Mobzillahz
used/smooth_stone                       9419        Not_Pickles
used/smooth_stone_slab                  15961       Ninobf
used/snow                               5885        VTD
used/snow_block                         6858        Morningstars
used/snowball                           975         FriskTempest
used/soul_sand                          3897        Scytrogen
used/spawner                            21          MarioFoli
used/spider_eye                         25          VooDooBR
used/splash_potion                      1073        iiEthan
used/sponge                             1402        Scytrogen
used/spruce_boat                        779         PlNEAPPLE
used/spruce_button                      3652        ItsXaver
used/spruce_door                        235         stefanprinc
used/spruce_fence                       2123        Skizzili
used/spruce_fence_gate                  3223        Bomo
used/spruce_leaves                      4032        Skizzili
used/spruce_log                         10217       RaiseTheBar
used/spruce_planks                      21268       IceRice
used/spruce_pressure_plate              160         FoxRaid
used/spruce_sapling                     502         piopz
used/spruce_sign                        812         Bjorn_bernarsson
used/spruce_slab                        13868       Skizzili
used/spruce_stairs                      4925        RaiseTheBar
used/spruce_trapdoor                    2051        Skizzili
used/spruce_wood                        3112        Skizzili
used/squid_spawn_egg                    20          iiEthan
used/sticky_piston                      295         iiEthan
used/stone                              33670       Morningstars
used/stone_axe                          7228        Kalaconzti
used/stone_brick_slab                   31316       5space
used/stone_brick_stairs                 4713        exgodstatus
used/stone_brick_wall                   2245        HalfOf2
used/stone_bricks                       25282       IceRice
used/stone_button                       2621        LoomisFire
used/stone_hoe                          4928        Kalaconzti
used/stone_pickaxe                      58747       Brokenpool
used/stone_pressure_plate               67          bmo28
used/stone_shovel                       18213       TerJul2916
used/stone_slab                         11458       LoomisFire
used/stone_stairs                       510         TheDoctor7562
used/stone_sword                        6022        Gallerine
used/stonecutter                        52          Vermox
used/stray_spawn_egg                    3           MarioFoli
used/string                             640         Morningstars
used/stripped_acacia_log                224         intamd
used/stripped_acacia_wood               9           intamd
used/stripped_birch_log                 310         CroxieBoi
used/stripped_birch_wood                413         Dasckepur
used/stripped_dark_oak_log              248         OpticsVision
used/stripped_dark_oak_wood             35          NT8
used/stripped_jungle_log                48          HoleInMyHouse
used/stripped_oak_log                   1052        Apertur
used/stripped_oak_wood                  328         Dankinese
used/stripped_spruce_log                1039        Vlanzing
used/stripped_spruce_wood               91          Dasckepur
used/sugar_cane                         10655       HyperGamer3500
used/sunflower                          64          ABlazingEBoy
used/suspicious_stew                    56          Vasxus
used/sweet_berries                      2997        Z_Magma
used/terracotta                         4105        Arkanism
used/tnt                                14310       iiEthan
used/tnt_minecart                       272         GoatTea
used/torch                              13245       HotCum69420
used/totem_of_undying                   667         VooDooBR
used/trader_llama_spawn_egg             3           iiEthan
used/trapped_chest                      36          OpticsVision
used/trident                            16172       Ninobf
used/tripwire_hook                      22          sirflopimus
used/tropical_fish                      11          Pulpoide
used/tropical_fish_bucket               62          SnappDragon10
used/tropical_fish_spawn_egg            52          iiEthan
used/tube_coral                         23          Pulpoide
used/tube_coral_block                   163         iamapug30
used/tube_coral_fan                     60          FoxRaid
used/turtle_egg                         364         ABlazingEBoy
used/turtle_spawn_egg                   7           iiEthan
used/vex_spawn_egg                      1           iiEthan
used/villager_spawn_egg                 371         iiEthan
used/vindicator_spawn_egg               1           muzak23
used/vine                               449         MarioFoli
used/wandering_trader_spawn_egg         1           MarioFoli
used/water_bucket                       32182       SokySergeant
used/wet_sponge                         950         Ohelnko
used/wheat_seeds                        21251       Kalaconzti
used/white_banner                       677         OpticsVision
used/white_bed                          623         PlNEAPPLE
used/white_carpet                       12967       pink_wolf3
used/white_concrete                     16102       Ninobf
used/white_concrete_powder              19424       Crack3RSss
used/white_glazed_terracotta            488         Silloter
used/white_shulker_box                  418         gunnmaster4
used/white_stained_glass                2407        taorenxuan
used/white_stained_glass_pane           1477        MrPotat8os
used/white_terracotta                   6040        5space
used/white_tulip                        91          ABlazingEBoy
used/white_wool                         9219        vvdb
used/wither_rose                        2149        WinterStars
used/wither_skeleton_skull              496         Bomo
used/wither_skeleton_spawn_egg          46          MarioFoli
used/wolf_spawn_egg                     5           iiEthan
used/wooden_axe                         691         bxys
used/wooden_hoe                         530         sokang
used/wooden_pickaxe                     1111        titaniumcow
used/wooden_shovel                      771         ScorpionsScar
used/wooden_sword                       2089        Milo45
used/writable_book                      1066        titaniumcow
used/written_book                       214         Dasckepur
used/yellow_banner                      22          stevexm
used/yellow_bed                         53          emowizgnome
used/yellow_carpet                      4485        iiEthan
used/yellow_concrete                    2713        gunnmaster4
used/yellow_concrete_powder             11320       TheDoctor7562
used/yellow_glazed_terracotta           347         Aight_Bet
used/yellow_shulker_box                 684         Vermox
used/yellow_stained_glass               561         SokySergeant
used/yellow_stained_glass_pane          228         WinterStars
used/yellow_terracotta                  6767        WinterStars
used/yellow_wool                        1091        vvdb
used/zombie_head                        11          Popsicle_n
used/zombie_pigman_spawn_egg            11          iiEthan
used/zombie_spawn_egg                   41          MarioFoli
used/zombie_villager_spawn_egg          150         muzak23